name,description
All-knowing Greaves,"Greaves set with countless eyes and ears. Worn by Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing. Knowledge begins with the recognition of one's ignorance. The realization that the search for knowledge is unending. But when Gideon glimpsed into the will of Queen Marika, he shuddered in fear. At the end that should not be."
All-knowing Armor,"Armor set with countless eyes and ears. Worn by Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing. Knowledge begins with the recognition of one's ignorance. The realization that the search for knowledge is unending. But when Gideon glimpsed into the will of Queen Marika, he shuddered in fear. At the end that should not be."
All-knowing Helm,"Helm set with countless eyes and ears. Worn by Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing. Knowledge begins with the recognition of one's ignorance. The realization that the search for knowledge is unending. But when Gideon glimpsed into the will of Queen Marika, he shuddered in fear. At the end that should not be."
Alberich's Robe (altered),Lighter version of the Mad Tongue Alberich's robe.
All-knowing Armor (altered),Lighter version of the All-knowing Armor.
Aristocrat Coat,"Tanned leather coat adorned with fine gold embroidery. Travel attire worn by nobles in the capital, and the belonging of a family which claims a knight as an ancestor. Abandoning their birthplace after the Shattering, these undead wanderers are the pitiful product of unending life. "
Aristocrat Garb,"High quality garb adorned with fine golden embroidery. Travel attire worn by nobles in the capital. Terribly faded and tattered. Abandoning their birthplace after the Shattering, these undead wanderers are the pitiful product of unending life."
Aristocrat Garb (altered),Lighter version of the Aristocrat Garb.
All-knowing Gauntlets,"Gauntlets set with countless eyes and ears. Worn by Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing. Knowledge begins with the recognition of one's ignorance. The realization that the search for knowledge is unending. But when Gideon glimpsed into the will of Queen Marika, he shuddered in fear. At the end that should not be."
Alberich's Robe,Mad Tongue Alberich's robe.
Azur's Glintstone Robe,A robe reserved for grant masters at the Academy of Raya Lucaria. Corroded by blue-green glintstones.
Battlemage Robe,"Robe worn by scholars of the Raya Lucaria Academy scholar, tattered from being worn on the battlefield."
Banished Knight Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Banished Knight Armor.
Astrologer Robe,"Robe fashioned from supple cloth. Worn by those who look to the cosmos above. They read fate in the stars, and are said to be heirs of the glintstone sorcerers. But alas, the night sky no longer cradles fate."
Bandit Garb,Leather garb worn by bandits.
Astrologer Robe (altered),Lighter version of the Astrologer Robe
Beast Champion Armor,"Silver armor engraved with tiny beasts. Worn by Bernahl the Recusant. Beasts are drawn to champions, and to lords. And this armor befits a champion worthy of becoming a lord. And that is what Bernahl was. Until his maiden threw herself into the fire. "
Black Knife Armor,"Scale armor used by the Black Knife Assassins, forged to make no sound. Traces of power yet remain in its concealing veil, which muffles the sound of footsteps. The assassins that carried out the deeds of the Night of the Black Knives were all women, and rumored to be Numen who had close ties with Marika herself. "
Beast Champion Armor (altered),Lighter version of the  Best Champion Armor
Banished Knight Armor,"Thick, full set of armor covering the entire body. This armor was worn by knights who, whether by misfortune or misdeed, were forced to abandon their homes. These fierce warriors were each and all accomplished. Perhaps that is why, despite their territorial losses, they were still named knights."
Black Knife Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Black Knife Armor
Bloodsoaked Tabard,Padded cloth armor with indelible bloodstains around the neck. Worn by headless foot soldiers who endlessly guard the Wandering Mausoleum.
Bloodhound Knight Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Bloodhound Knight Armor
Blaidd's Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Blaidd's Armor
Bloodhound Knight Armor,Metal armor with a jutting breastplate.  Worn by the Bloodhound Knights. 
Blackflame Monk Armor,Black iron armor adorned with ashen cloth.
Blaidd's Armor,Well-worn black armor of the man-wolf Blaidd
Blue Silver Mail Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Blue Silver Mail Armor
Blue Festive Garb,"Ceremonial garb worn by dancers at the festivities in Dominula, the village of windmills. Use of this garb, dyed in a stunning blue, is only permitted for the young maids who play the central role in the festival."
Blue Cloth Vest,"Vest of a nomadic warrior. The blue color of its fabric symbolizes brisk waters, as fluid and flowing as the sword in the hand of its wearer. Just as still waters turn foul, stagnation leads to decay. Warriors must remain ever drifting. "
Blue Silver Mail Armor,"Chainmail armor crafted with blue silver. Worn by the wolf-riding Albinauric archers. Blue silver is a metal born from the same mother as the archers themselves, and provides protection from magic and frost."
Brave's Battlewear,"Battlewear fashioned from leather armor adorned with a large sheet of cloth. Garb worn by warriors of the frigid uplands The red cloth signifies participation in the Long March long, long ago and this ceremonial garb beseeches the favor of the Warrior King who led them."
Briar Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Briar Armor
Carian Knight Armor,"Armor of the enchanted knights that once served the Carian royal family. The enchanted knights, anointed by the Lunar Queen, were heroes of the highest honors, but fell into disarray with the decline of the royal family."
Briar Armor,Battered iron armor from a foreign land. Worn by Elemer of the Briar. 
Carian Knight Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Carian Knight Armor
Brave's Battlewear (altered),Lighter version of the Brave's Battlewear
Chain Armor,"Armor made of woven chain. Standard issue for ordinary soldiers. Though plain in appearance, it offers dependable protection."
Champion Pauldron,"Pauldron reserved for the badlands' bravest. Proof that the wearer has slaughtered countless foes. Following the example of their chieftain Hoarah Loux, the brave warriors of the badlands shun excess adornment."
Bull-goat Armor,"Great Horned Tragoth's armor. Covers its wearer with a pair of giant horns, providing staunch poise. "
Chain-draped Tabard,Padded cloth armor with a chainmail shawl draped over the shoulders. Widely issued to foot soldiers in a lord's army. 
Cloth Garb,"Clothing made of coarse material, commonly worn in the Lands Between. "
Cleanrot Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Cleanrot Armor
Commoner's Garb (altered),Lighter version of the Commoner's Garb
Cleanrot Armor,"Armor of the Cleanrot Knights, celebrated for their undefeated campaign in the Shattering. The Cleanrot Knights vowed to fight alongside Malenia, despite the inevitable, if gradual, putrefaction of their flesh. Their acceptance of their fate made these battles fiercest of all."
Commoner's Garb,Garb with a thick embroidered cape attached. Standard wear for commoners of the Lands Between.
Confessor Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Confessor Armor
Confessor Armor,"Black leather armor for blending in with the darkness. Worn by church confessors. The churches outside the Lands Between, dedicated to the teachings of the Two Fingers, send confessors out to follow the guidance of grace. The confessors are loyal servants to the Two Fingers, ready to hunt down and quietly dispose of their enemies."
Commoner's Simple Garb,"Garb with a modest cloth cape attached. Standard wear for commoners of the Lands Between. The board hung from the neck depicts a sprawling tree, its roots and branches forming two holes. This is a self-imposed shackle, a voluntary display of allegiance to the Erdtree that increases faith. "
Commoner's Simple Garb (altered),Lighter version of the Commoner's Simple Garb
Consort's Robe,"Fine robe of white silk worn by Tanith, Lady of the Volcano Manor."
Crucible Axe Armor,"Armor of the Crucible Knights who served Godfrey, the first Elden Lord. Worn by the knight Ordovis and his men. Holds the power of the crucible of life, the primordial form of the Erdtree. Strengthens Aspects of the Crucible incantations. "
Corhyn's Robe,"Robe of Corhyn the cleric. Even after exile, Corhyn refused to recant his prophecies. And for this, he was blessed with the guidance of grace. Since then, the cart wheel draped on his neck has served as a reminder. That true guidance awaits those with iron wills. Those with unwavering faith."
Crucible Tree Armor,"Armor of the Crucible Knights who served Godfrey, the first Elden Lord. Worn by the knight Siluria and her men. Holds the power of the crucible of life, the primordial form of the Erdtree. Strengthens Aspects of the Crucible incantations. "
Crucible Axe Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Crucible Axe Armor
Crucible Tree Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Crucible Tree Armor
Cuckoo Surcoat,"Armor worn by Raya Lucaria Academy soldiers. The surcoat depicts twinned cuckoos peering into a flourishing mass of glintstone. To a glintstone sorcerer, the body is a transient thing. The Cuckoo alone knows its insignificance, yet watches over it all the same."
Cuckoo Knight Armor,Armor worn by Raya Lucaria Academy knights.
Cuckoo Knight Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Cuckoo Knight Armor
Deathbed Dress,"Extremely thin and sheer white dress worn by the Deathbed Companion as she embraces the dead. Slowly replenishes the HP of nearby allies, but not that of the wearer. The touch of the fabric is exceedingly soft, so as not to harm even the most withered corpse, while still sharing her warmth. "
Depraved Perfumer Robe,Robe worn by depraved perfumers. The embroidery on the apron is itself a curse upon the Erdtree. These heresy-inclined perfumers imbibe their own spices to alter body and mind. Their slow descent into self-destruction is  what earned them their name.
Drake Knight Armor,Black iron armor worn by drake knights. Features the spoils of a dragon catch as an emblem of pride as both dragon hunter and partake of communion. The cape is crafted with dragon wing membrane.
Drake Knight Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Drake Knight Armor
Depraved Perfumer Robe (altered),Lighter version of the Depraved Perfumer Robe
Elden Lord Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Elden Lord Armor
Elden Lord Armor,"Armor of Godfrey the first Elden Lord. The age of the Erdtree began amongst conflict, when Godfrey was lord of the battlefield. He led the War against the Giants. Faced the Storm Lord, alone. And then, there came a moment. When his last worthy enemy fell. And it was then, as the story is told, that the hue of Lord Godfrey's eyes faded."
Dirty Chainmail,Chainmail worn by young Albinaurics. The appearance of a protruding belly provides no benefits worthy of note.
Errant Sorcerer Robe,"Commonplace robe made of thick cloth. Worn by the Errant Sorcerer Wilhelm, one of the first Tarnished to visit Roundtable Hold. A silent seeker of sorcery, who had gone so far as to make contact with the primeval current, Wilhelm was led by guidance into confrontation with his friend Vargram, and it is said that he was then taken prisoner in Roundtable Hold."
Erdtree Surcoat,Armor worn by soldiers sworn to defend the royal capital of Leyndell. The surcoat bears a majestic likeness of the Erdtree. Its golden backing is an honor bestowed on no other soldiers.
Eccentric's Armor,"Unusually colorful armor. Worn by the knight Jerren. Jerren preferred a nomadic existence, but after spending time as guest of the Carian royals, he became a guest commander for General Radahn. And for the first time, the restless tumbleweed would be bound by honorable oath"
Eye Surcoat,Brown surcoat draped over chainmail. 
Festive Garb,"Ceremonial garb worn by dancers at the festivities in Dominula, the village of windmills. Faintly bloodstained."
Errant Sorcerer Robe (altered),Lighter version of the Errant Sorcerer Robe.
Festive Garb (altered),Lighter version of the  Festive Garb.
Fia's Robe,"Robe of black cloth that covers the entire body. Worn by Fia, the Deathbed Companion, on her journey after being exiled from her home."
Fell Omen Cloak,"""A cloak of ragged fur worn about the exposed body of Margit, the Fell Omen."
Exile Armor,Damaged armor draped with a large deep-red cloth. Worn by soldiers sent to the penal colonies.
Finger Maiden Robe (altered),Lighter version of the Finger Maiden Robe.
Finger Maiden Robe,"Robe worn by maidens who serve the Two Fingers. The maidens live to serve a chosen Tarnished, sharing their guidance and the wisdom of the Two Fingers. "
Fingerprint Armor,"Iron armor singed and blistered by fingers. Worn by Vyke, knight of the Roundtable Hold. No other Tarnished was closer to the throne of the Elden Lord than Vyke. But without announcement, Vyke traveled far below the capital, and was scorched by the flame of frenzy. Did he make his choice for his maiden, or did some other force lure him with suggestion?"
Fingerprint Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Fingerprint Armor.
Fur Raiment,"Raiment fashioned from a bristly pelt. Worn by ancestral follower warriors. The ancestral followers keep their distance from the Erdtree, awaiting new buds. They are certain to sprout from their very flesh, and indeed, their souls."
Gelmir Knight Armor,Armor worn by knights once royal to Praector Rykard.
Gelmir Knight Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Gelmir Knight Armor.
Fire Prelate Armor,"Black iron armor adorned with a red cloth. Attire of the Fire Prelates, commanders of the Fire Monks."
Godrick Knight Armor,Armor worn by knights loyal to Godrick The Grafted.
Godksin Noble Robe,"Robe made by sewing together patches of smooth skin. Subcutaneous fat makes it plump and soft. Worn by Godskin Nobles known for their seven-face aprons. Strengthens the Noble Presence incantation. Nobles are the most ancient apostles who are said to have assimilated inhuman physiology. Not unlike the crucible, the Erdtree in its primordial form."
Fire Prelate Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Fire Prelate Armor.
Foot Soldier Tabard,Padded cloth armor with more than a few stains. Widely issued to foot soldiers in a lord's army.
Fire Monk Armor,Black iron armor adorned with a red cloth. Attire of the Fire Monks. 
Godrick Knight Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Godric Knight Armor.
Goldmask's Rags,Worn rags that just barely cover the body. Lord Goldmask felt no draw to the vain excess of clothing; what use is finery to one who seeks greater brilliance?
Gravekeeper Cloak,"Defensive wear encircled by bronze snakes. Worn by gladiators who were driven from the colosseum. The wearer becomes a slightly easier target for foes. The snake is viewed as a traitor to the Erdtree, and the audience delighted in seeing these bronze effigies beaten and battered."
Godskin Apostle Robe,Robe made by sewing together patches of smooth skin.
Haligtree Crest Surcoat,"Armor worn by soldiers sworn to the Haligtree. The surcoat bears the crest of the Haligtree. Though watered with Miquella's own blood since it was a sapling, the Haligtree ultimately failed to grow into an Erdtree. "
Gravekeeper Cloak (altered),Lighter version of the Gravekeeper Cloak.
Guardian Garb,Engraved golden garb. Worn by guardians of the Minor Erdtree.
Haligtree Knight Armor,Armor worn by knights sworn the Haligtree.
Guardian Garb (full Bloom),"Engraved golden garb. Worn by the guardians of the Minor Erdtrees. Raises the HP recovery effects of the Flask of Crimson Tears, but greatly lowers fire damage negation. It is said that the blood-red flowers blooming on their backs mark the senescence of their ancient pact. Perhaps the guardians are part tree already"
Haligtree Knight Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Haligtree Knight Armor.
High Page Clothes,Clothes of a page selected for special privileges by the noble they serve.
Highwayman Cloth Armor,Hideously stained and ragged cloth armor. Worn by former foot soldiers who have turned to banditry.
High Page Clothes (altered),Lighter version of the High Page Clothes.
Hoslow's Armor,"Garish silver armor decorated with red embellishments. Passed down through the Hoslow family. When Juno Hoslow received an invitation to the Volcano Manor, he discreetly refused. ""I have already walked many a road drenched in blood, yet never would I consider myself a champion."""
Ivory-draped Tabard,Padded cloth armor with a shawl in the color of ivory draped over the shoulders. Worn by foot soldiers sworn to the Haligtree.
Knight Armor,"Iron armor of an unknown knight. It is made of thin iron plate. Such metal armor is heavy, but provides considerable damage negation."
Juvenile Scholar Robe,"Robe worn by young academy scholars, the juveniles birthed anew by the amber egg of Queen Rennala, the head of Raya Lucaria Academy. Yet their rebirth is not without imperfections, and thus do they repeat the process, eventually becoming utterly dependent upon it. Rebirth is as sleep to them, and with each awakening, memory fades into oblivion. "
Kaiden Armor,Armor worn by Kaiden sellswords.
Land Of Reeds Armor,"Armor made from strips of iron fastened together. Worn by warriors of the Land of Reeds. The Land of Reeds has long been locked in a miserable civil war, during which time it has remained alienated from the cultures of its neighbors. Little wonder that the entire nation has succumbed to blood-soaked madness, or so it is said."
Hoslow's Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Hoslow's Armor.
Lazuli Robe,"Robe worn by scholars of the Lazuli Conspectus, singular among the greater Raya Lucaria Academy. These scholars, who sought to master Carian sorcery, instead learned to see the moon as equal to the stars. This robe, in the hue of the full moon, signifies their heresy."
Leather Armor,Lightweight and battle-proven leather armor worn by a savvy soldier.
Leather-draped Tabard,Padded cloth armor with a leather shawl draped over the shoulders.
Lionel's Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Lionel's Armor.
Leyndell Knight Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Leyndell Knight Armor.
Leyndell Knight Armor,"Armor worn by knights sworn to defend the royal capital of Leyndell. Its left breast is emblazoned with a symbol of Erdtree Worship, said to have once been imbued with an incantation of protection."
Lionel's Armor,Round iron armor with a banner extending from its back. Worn by the Lionel the Lionhearted. 
Lord Of Blood's Robe,"Attire of Mohg, Lord of Blood, embroidered with an extravagant gold emblem on black cloth. The dress of a Luminary, the reigning lord and hierarch of the coming dynasty of Mohgwyn. Or perhaps, of a raving lunatic."
Lusat's Robe,A robe reserved for grand masters at the Academy of Raya Lucaria. Corroded by blue glintstones.
Lord Of Blood's Robe (altered),Lighter version of the Lord Of Blood's Robe.
Malenia's Armor,"Armor made of unalloyed gold. Worn by Malenia, Blade of Miquella. Malenia awaited Miquella at the foot of the husk. ""My brother will keep his promise. He possesses the wisdom, the allure, of a god - he is the most fearsome Empyrean of all."""
Maliketh's Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Maliketh's Armor.
Malenia's Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Maleinia's Armor.
Malformed Dragon Armor,"Malformed golden armor. Adorned with various dragon imagery and worn by the misshapen Tree Sentinels. After the great ancient dragon Gransax attacked, the sentinels had an epiphany. The only way to truly protect the Erdtree was to become dragons themselves. "
Maliketh's Armor,"Beast's armor made of black iron and decorated with gold. Worn by Maliketh the Black Blade. Maliketh, Queen Marika's loyal half-brother, bore a blade imbued with Destined Death, and there was not one demigod who did not fear him. Champions knew what was at stake. Indeed, that is what made them champions. "
Marionette Soldier Armor,"Armor of metal bands arranged in a lattice. Worn by marionette soldiers, crafted to serve the sorcerers. The construction of this armor is remarkably crude, now rusted over and severely dented. For a doll, the only thing that matters is that it does not break."
Marais Robe,Robe with a black mantle across the shoulders. Customarily worn by the head of House Marais. The sons of House Marais are all sickly born. Little wonder that Maleigh Marais would be so beguiled by the beautiful and fierce goddess who was born into rot. 
Mausoleum Knight Armor,"Armor worn by headless knights who endlessly guard the Wandering Mausoleum. The wing-shaped ornaments on its back evoke the Deathbird. A self-inflicted curse that ties the spirits of these loyal knights to the land, having willingly beheaded themselves so that they may serve theirs masters in death."
Mausoleum Surcoat,Armor worn by headless soldiers who endlessly guard the Wandering Mausoleum.
Mausoleum Knight Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Mausoleum Knight Armor
Mushroom Body,"Mushrooms found growing all over the body. These overgrown mushroom have colonized the torso. To those enraptured by the scarlet rot, they are holy vestments that root one to the earth."
Nomadic Merchant's Finery (altered),Lighter version of the Nomadic Merchant's Finery
Night's Cavalry Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Night's Cavalry Armor
Night's Cavalry Armor,Pitch-black armor thinly painted with dried blood. Worn by the Night's Cavalry who ride funeral steeds.
Night Maiden Armor,"Armor worn by the nightmaidens of the Eternal City. Indicates the highest clerical rank, and includes a silk cape. Long ago, the Nox invoked the ire of the Greater Will, and were banished deep underground. Now they live under a false night sky, in eternal anticipation of their liege. Of the coming age of the stars. And their Lord of Night."
Nomadic Merchant's Finery,Finery of the nomadic merchants. 
Noble's Traveling Garb,"Traveling attire fashioned from metallic white silk thread. Worn by expatriated royalty. A gift of such rare beauty, a royal wouldn't disgrace their illustrious heritage even if found dead, in a ditch, in the middle of nowhere, while wearing such splendid raiment."
Nox Monk Armor,"Armor worn by the monks of the Eternal City, with a silk cape attached. Long ago, the Nox invoked the ire of the Greater Will, and were banished deep underground. Now they live under a false night sky, in eternal anticipation of their liege. Of the coming age of the stars. And their Lord of Night."
Nox Swordstress Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Nox Swordstress Armor.
Nox Monk Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Nox Monk Armor.
Nox Swordstress Armor,"Armor worn by swordstresses of the Eternal City. These women are the personal guards of the nightmaidens, and wear silk capes. Long ago, the Nox invoked the ire of the Greater Will, and were banished deep underground. Now they live under a false night sky, in eternal anticipation of their liege. Of the coming age of the stars. And their Lord of Night."
Omen Armor,Malformed armor resembling an Omen with its horns cut off.
Official's Attire,"Grubby blue robe worn by magisterial officials to carry out their grim tasks. Surveillance, executions, gruesome rituals... The darkest duties drive the wheels of mankind."
Page Garb,Garb worn by pages who serve the nobility and are mindful to keep them out of harm's way.
Perfumer's Traveling Garb,Garb of a traveling perfumer of no renown. 
Page Garb (altered),Lighter version of the Page Garb.
Perfumer Robe,Robe of an Erdtree Capital perfumer.
Perfumer's Traveling Garb (altered),Lighter version of the Perfumer's Traveling Garb.
Perfumer Robe (altered),Lighter version of the Perfurmer's Robe.
Omenkiller Robe,"Robe worn by the Omenkillers, butchers of twisted conscience. "
Old Aristocrat Gown,"Gown of soft cloth adorned with fine gold embroidery. Travel attire worn by nobles in the capital. Garb favored by the aged. Abandoning their birthplace after the Shattering, these undead wanderers are the pitiful product of unending life."
Preceptor's Long Gown (altered),Lighter version of the Preceptor's Long Gown.
Preceptor's Long Gown,"A long, bright blue gown with the movements of the stars drawn upon it. Worn by the magic preceptors who served the Carian royals. Glintstone sorcerers are the descendants of astrologers, a fact that the Carians remain aware of. Even if their fate has been long severed from the stars."
Prophet Robe (altered),Lighter version of the Prophet Robe.
Queen's Robe,"Robe indicating the highest order of sorcerer. Worn by Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon. When Rennala, head of both the Academy of Raya Lucaria and the Carian royal family, lost her husband Radagon, her heart went along with him. And then, those at the academy realized. That Rennala was no champion, after all. "
Prophet Robe,"Robe of exiled prophets who foresaw that their faith would end in flames — and were persecuted and driven from their homes as a result. Its fabric scrapes against their skin like a file, and the rickety cart wheel around the neck warns passers-by not to lend an ear to their meandering sermons."
Prisoner Clothing,"Tattered clothing. Worn by a prisoner convicted of an appalling crime. Never once washed, every fiber is filthy."
Ragged Armor,Armor pieced together from scavenged metal.
Ragged Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Ragged Armor.
Radahn's Lion Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Radahn's Lion Armor.
Radahn's Lion Armor,Armor depicting the golden lion. Worn by General Radahn.
Raging Wolf Armor (altered),"Armor worn by Vargram the Raging Wolf, one of the first Tarnished to visit the Roundtable Hold."
Raya Lucarian Robe,"Robe worn by Raya Lucaria's magic scholars. Those who dedicate themselves to the study of glintstones formed from starry amber receive this modest yet elegant deep blue garb along with their vows of virtue and austerity. But with extended life, one is apt to forget old vows."
Raging Wolf Armor,"Armor worn by Vargram the Raging Wolf, one of the first Tarnished to visit the Roundtable Hold. According to the old legends, wolves are the shadows of the Empyrean. Vargram aspired to such a state himself."
Redmane Surcoat,Armor worn by soldiers who fought by General Radahn's side.
Ronin's Armor,Armor of the man who calls himself Shabriri. Highly functional and heavily worn.
Rotten Gravekeeper Cloak,"Thick, bristly cloak eaten through by scarlet rot. The symbol of an underground gravekeeper's station."
Redmane Knight Armor (altered),"Lighter version of the Redmane Knight Armor. The armor is not as sturdy as the original, but it still provides a decent amount of protection."
Ronin's Armor (altered),"Lighter version of the Ronin's Armor. The armor is not as sturdy as the original, but it still provides a decent amount of protection."
Redmane Knight Armor,Armor worn by knights who fought by General Radahn's side.
Raptor's Black Feathers,Robe crafted with the black feathers of a bird of prey. Worn by the assassin Ravenmount. 
Royal Knight Armor,"Silver armor of Loretta, a knight who served Miquella's Haligtree. Loretta, once a royal Carian knight, went on a journey in search of a haven for Albinaurics, and determined that the Haligtree was their best chance for eventual salvation."
Royal Knight Armor (altered),"Lighter version of the Royal Knight Armor. The armor is not as sturdy as the original, but it still provides a decent amount of protection."
Rotten Gravekeeper Cloak (altered),Lighter version of the Rotten Gravekeeper Cloak.
Royal Remains Armor,Armory graces with gold human bones. Worn by the unspeaking adherent of Sir Gideon the All-Knowing.
Scaled Armor,"Armor worn by Old Knight Istvan. The corroded metal is reinforced with rock-hard scales, making it high effective against non-physical attacks."
Sanguine Noble Robe,Robe of dyed black cloth featuring gold embroidery. Worn by the nobles who serve the Lord of Blood. The grand metallic pattern on the shoulder is a signifier of the noble rank they intend to claim upon the advent of the new dynasty they are working to install.
Ruler's Robe,Luxurious robe worn by lords in a smaller nation. Its fine blue mantle serves to prove its wearer's status.
Scaled Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Scaled Armor
Sage Robe,Thick burgundy robe. Attire of the wise sages who were deemed heretical. Evidence that the wearer was driven from town.
Scale Armor,"Armor reinforced with small metal scales. The cape covering the shoulders is made with treated rock lizard skin, and provides ample protection against fire."
Traveling Maiden Robe (altered),Lighter version of the Traveling Maiden Robe
Snow Witch Robe (altered),Lighter version of the Snow Witch Robe
Scarlet Tabard,Padded cloth armor with the telltale stains of the scarlet rot. Worn by foot soldiers in General Radahn's army
Shaman Furs,Raiment fashioned from a bristly pelt. Worn by ancestral follower shamans.
Traveling Maiden Robe,"Robe worn by traveling maidens. Maidens traversed the Lands Between for different reasons. Some to seek audience with the Fingers. Others, to find the Tarnished who they were destined to guide."
Snow Witch Robe,"Witch's robe in the color of snow. Once worn by the snowy crone who the young Ranni encountered deep in the woods. She was a witch, and well versed in cold sorceries. It is said that the doll that houses Ranni's soul was modeled after her. That old witch was Ranni's secret mentor."
Tree Sentinel Armor,Golden armor of the heavy cavalry Tree Sentinels who serve the Erdtree.
Spellblade's Traveling Attire (altered),Lighter version of the Spellblade's Traveling Attire
Traveler's Clothes,Light yet sturdy clothes.
Spellblade's Traveling Attire,"Glintstone sorcerer Rogier's traveling attire, graced with an intricate, aristocratic decoration. Strengthens glintstone sorcery skills."
Tree Sentinel Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Tree Sentinel Armor
Twinned Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Twinned Armor
Vagabond Knight Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Vagabond Knight Armor
Vagabond Knight Armor,Chest piece of a knight banished from their motherland.  Dirty and battered after enduring a lengthy vagabond journey.
Veteran's Armor,"Old armor that has seen many battles. Worn by Niall, the veteran general of Sol. Niall was a lone survivor who commanded spirits to defend his long-passed master. This aging general could not die, nor did he have anywhere to fade away. "
Twinned Armor,Armor depicting entwined twins of gold and silver. 
Veteran's Armor (altered),Lighter version of the Veteran's Armor
Tree Surcoat,"Blue surcoat draped over chainmail. The tree insignia emblazoned on the front depicts the Erdtree, and is a design beloved throughout the Lands Between."
Upper-class Robe,"Embroidered, bright green robe worn by noble children. Donning such a robe is traditionally the child's first show of burgeoning independence. "
Tree-and-beast Surcoat,"Armor worn by soldiers loyal to Godrick the Grafted. The surcoat depicts the distant Erdtree and the beast regent, an emblem of the golden lineage. Both are symbols of glory now past."
Vulgar Militia Armor,"Armor worn by lean, mean, and filthy militiamen."
White Reed Armor,"Armor of the White Reeds, fashioned from banded iron plates. Worn by the Inabam head disciples of the great swordsman Okina. "
War Surgeon Gown,"""Bloodstained white gown of the war surgeons who were effectively mercy killers. Of the surgeons that were abducted by the Lord of Blood none were able to tame the accursed blood. None but Varré, that is; though he was an exception."""
War Surgeon Gown (altered),Lighter version of the War Surgeon Gown.
Azur's Manchettes,"Manchettes corroded by blue-green glintstones. Worn by Azur, primeval current sorcerer."
Battlemage Manchettes,"Manchettes worn by scholars of the Raya Lucaria Academy, tattered from being worn on the battlefield."
Astrologer Gloves,"Gloves fashioned from fine, supple cloth. Worn by those who look to the cosmos above. They read fate in the stars, and are said to be heirs of the glintstone sorcerers. But alas, the night sky no longer cradles fate."
Bandit Manchettes,Manchettes made by simple wrapping dirty cloth around the arms. Worn by bandits.
Banished Knight Gauntlets,"Thick, full set of armor covering the entire body. These gauntlets were worn by knights who, whether by misfortune or misdeed, were forced to abandon their homes. These fierce warriors were each and all accomplished. Perhaps that is why, despite their territorial losses, they were still named knights."
Zamor Armor,"Armor worn by knights of Zamor, hailed as heroes in the War against the Giants. These long-lived warriors, clad in biting, freezing winds, are said to have been the mortal enemies of the Fire Giants since time immemorial."
Alberich's Bracers,Mad Tongue Alberich's bracers.
Beast Champion Gauntlets,"Silver gauntlets engraved with tiny beasts. Worn by Bernahl the Recusant. Beasts are drawn to champions, and to lords. And this armor befits a champion worthy of becoming a lord. And that is what Bernahl was. Until his maiden threw herself into the fire."
Black Knife Gauntlets,"Gauntlets used by the Black Knife Assassins. Crafted with scale armor that makes no sound. The assassins that carried out the deeds of the Night of the Black Knives were all women, and rumored to be Numen who had close ties with Marika herself. "
Blackflame Monk Gauntlets,Black iron gauntlets featuring a flame motif. Attire of the Blackflame Monks.
Blaidd's Gauntlets,Well-worn black gauntlets of the man-wolf Blaidd.
Brave's Bracer,Gauntlets wrapped in thick leather. Garb worn by warriors of the frigid uplands. Has a fur lining which excels at keeping the cold at bay.
Briar Gauntlets,Battered iron gauntlets from a foreign land. Worn by Elemer of the Briar. 
Bull-goat Gauntlets,"Great Horned Tragoth's gauntlets. Covers its wearer with a pair of giant horns, providing staunch poise. "
Bloodsoaked Manchettes,Manchettes formed from tightly-wound bandages soaked through with blood. Any protection is welcome for the festering arms beneath.
Bloodhound Knight Gauntlets,Metal gauntlets of the Bloodhound Knights. 
Blue Silver Bracelets,Bracelets crafted with blue silver. Worn by the wolf-riding Albinauric archers.
Carian Knight Gauntlets,"Gauntlets of the enchanted knights that once served the Carian royal family. The enchanted knights, anointed by the Lunar Queen,  were heroes of the highest honors, but fell into disarray with the decline of the royal family."
Chain Gauntlets,"Gauntlets made of woven chain. Standard issue for ordinary soldiers. Though plain in appearance, they offer dependable protection."
Cuckoo Knight Gauntlets,Gauntlets worn by Raya Lucaria Academy knights. Time has yet to dull their luster.
Confessor Gloves,"Black leather gloves of the church confessors. The churches outside the Lands Between, dedicated to the teachings of the Two Fingers, send confessors out to follow the guidance of grace. The confessors are loyal servants to the Two Fingers, ready to hunt down and quietly dispose of their enemies."
Cleanrot Gauntlets,"Gauntlets of the Cleanrot Knights, celebrated for their undefeated campaign in the Shattering. The Cleanrot Knights vowed to fight alongside Malenia, despite the inevitable, if gradual, putrefaction of their flesh. Their acceptance of their fate made these battles fiercest of all."
Champion Bracers,"Bracers reserved for the bandlands' bravest.  Proof that the wearer has slaughtered countless foes.  Following the example of their chieftain Hoarah Loux, the brave warriors of the badlands shun excess adornment. "
Depraved Perfumer Gloves,Gloves worn by depraved perfumers.
Champion Gauntlets,"Gauntlets reserved for the badlands' bravest. Proof that the wearer has slaughtered countless foes. Following the example of their chieftain Hoarah Loux, the brave warriors of the badlands shun excess adornment."
Elden Lord Bracers,"Bracers of Godfrey the first Elden Lord. The age of the Erdtree began amongst conflict, when Godfrey was lord of the battlefield. He led the War against the Giants. Faced the Storm Lord, alone. And then, there came a moment. When his last worthy enemy fell. And it was then, as the story is told, that the hue of Lord Godfrey's eyes faded."
Eccentric's Manchettes,"The knight Jerren's manchettes. Jerren preferred a nomadic existence, but after spending time as a guest of the Carian royals, he became the guest commander for General Radahn. And for the first time, the restless tumbleweed would be bound by honorable oath."
Drake Knight Gauntlets,"Black iron gauntlets worn by drake knights. Features the spoils of a dragon catch as an emblem of pride as both dragon hunter and partaker of communion. From birth, drake knights speak not a word. They spend their lives pursuing the strength of dragons, for its sublime beauty and inspiration of awe"
Crucible Gauntlets,"Gauntlets of the Crucible Knights who served Godfrey, the first Elden Lord. Hold the power of the crucible of life, the primordial form of the Erdtree. Strengthen Aspects of the Crucible incantations. In time, the strength shown by these knights, and even their appearance, was seen as chaotic and deserving of scorn. "
Errant Sorcerer Manchettes,Commonplace leather manchettes. Their hands are inlaid with dulled glintstone.
Fire Monk Gauntlets,Black iron gauntlets featuring a flame motif. Attire of the Fire Monks.
Godrick Knight Gauntlets,Gauntlets worn by knights loyal to Godrick the Grafted. Time has yet to dull their luster.
Gelmir Knight Gauntlets,Gauntlets worn by knights once loyal to Praetor Rykard. Time has yet to dull their luster. 
Foot Soldier Gauntlets,Metal gauntlets covered in nicks and dents. Widely issued to foot soldiers in a lord's army.
Exile Gauntlets,Damaged iron gauntlets. Worn by soldiers sent to the penal colonies.
Fingerprint Gauntlets,"Iron gauntlets singed and blistered by fingers. Worn by Vyke, knight of the Roundtable Hold. No other Tarnished was closer to the throne of the Elden Lord than Vyke. But without announcement, Vyke traveled far below the capital, and was scorched by the flame of frenzy. Did he make his choice for his maiden, or did some other force lure him with suggestion?"
Godrick Soldier Gauntlets,Gauntlets worn by soldiers loyal to Godrick the Grafted. Rust-worn and stained through unending conflict.
Fire Prelate Gauntlets,"Black iron gauntlets with the appearance of flames. Attire of the Fire Prelates, commanders of the Fire Monks."
Godskin Apostle Bracelets,Black bracelets of the Godskin Apostles.
Highwayman Gauntlets,Hideously stained and dented gauntlets. Worn by former foot soldiers who have turned to banditry.
Godskin Noble Bracelets,"Black bracelets of the Godskin Nobles. Nobles are the most ancient apostles who are said to have assimilated inhuman physiology. Not unlike the crucible, the Erdtree in its primordial form."
Haligtree Gauntlets,Gauntlets worn by soldiers sworn to the Haligtree. Rust-worn and stained through unending conflict. 
Haligtree Knight Gauntlets,Gauntlets worn by knights sworn to the Haligtree. Time has yet to dull their luster.
Hoslow's Gauntlets,Garish silver gauntlets decorated with red embellishments. Passed down through the Hoslow family.
Kaiden Gauntlets,Gauntlets worn by Kaiden sellswords.
Iron Gauntlets,Ordinary iron gauntlets.
Gold Bracelets,Bracelets made in the image of Erdtree branches. Minimal adornments made my Lord Goldmask's disciples. Those disciples have long since left him.
Guardian Bracers,Engraved golden bracers. Worn by the guardians of the Minor Erdtree.
Golden Prosthetic,Golden prosthetic forged using ancient techniques
Knight Gauntlets,"Iron gauntlets of an unknown knight. It is made of thin iron plate. Such metal armor is heavy, but provides considerable damage negation. "
Land Of Reeds Gauntlets,Gauntlets wrapped in tough leather. Worn by the warriors of the Land of Reeds
Lusat's Manchettes,"Manchettes corroded by blue glintstones. Worn by Lusat, primeval current sorcerer."
Maliketh's Gauntlets,"Beast's gauntlets made of black iron and decorated with gold. Worn by Maliketh the Black Blade. Maliketh, Queen Marika's loyral half-brother, bore a blade imbued with Destined Death, and there was not one demigod who did not fear him. Champions knew what was at stake. Indeed, that is what made them champions"
Leyndell Soldier Gauntlets,Gauntlets worn by soldiers sworn to defend the royal capital of Leyndell. Rust-worn and stained through unending conflict.
Leather Gloves,Lightweight and battle-proven leather gloves worn by a savvy soldier. Many admire the wearer of this armor for his chivalrous and forthright spirit.
Lionel's Gauntlets,Founded iron gauntlets. 
Malenia's Gauntlet,"Gauntlet made of unalloyed gold. Worn by Malenia, Blade of Miquella. Malenia awaited Miquella at the foot of the husk. ""My brother will keep his promise. He possesses the wisdom, the allure, of a god—he is the most fearsome Empyrean of all."""
Malformed Dragon Gauntlets,Malformed golden gauntlets.
Leyndell Knight Gauntlets,Gauntlets worn by knights sworn to defend the royal capital of Leyndell. Time has yet to dull their luster
Omen Gauntlets,Malformed Gauntlets resembling an Omen with its horns cut off.
Mushroom Arms,Mushrooms found growing all over the body. These overgrown mushroom have colonized the arms. 
Mausoleum Knight Gauntlets,Gauntlets worn by headless knights who endlessly guard the Walking Mausoleum. Time has yet to dull their luster.
Mausoleum Gauntlets,Gauntlets worn by headless soldiers who endlessly guard the Wandering Mausoleum. Rust-worn and stained through unending conflict.
Millicent's Gloves,Gloves worn by Millicent the Rotting
Nox Monk Bracelets,"Bracelets worn by the monks of the Eternal City. Long ago, the Nox invoked the ire of the Greater Will, and were banished deep underground. Now they live under a false night sky, in eternal anticipation of their liege. Of the coming age of the stars. And their Lord of Night."
Noble's Gloves,"Gloves of plush leather. Worn by expatriated royalty. A gift of such rare beauty, a royal wouldn't disgrace their illustrious heritage even if found dead, in a ditch, in the middle of nowhere, while wearing such splendid raiment."
Perfumer Gloves,Gloves of an Erdtree Capital perfumer.
Night's Cavalry Gauntlets,Pitch-black gauntlets thinly painted with dried blood. Worn by the Night's Cavalry who ride funeral steeds.
Omenkiller Long Gloves,"Long,stiff leather gloves worn by the Omenkillers."
Preceptor's Gloves,Trousers of the magic preceptors who serve the Carian royals. Black and perfectly discreet. 
Raya Lucarian Gauntlets,Gauntlets worn by Raya Lucaria Academy soldiers. Rust-worn and stained through unending conflict. 
Ragged Gloves,Gauntlets pieced together from scavenged metal.
Radahn Soldier Gauntlets,Gauntlets worn by soldiers who fought by General Radahn's side. Rust-worn and stained through unending conflict.
Radahn's Gauntlets,Gauntlets depicting the golden lion. Worn by General Radahn. 
Royal Knight Gauntlets,"Silver gauntlets of Loretta, a knight who served Miquella's Haligtree. Loretta, once a royal Carian knight, went on a journey in search of a haven for Albinaurics, and determined that the Haligtree was their best chance for eventual salvation."
Ronin's Gauntlets,Gauntlets of the man who calls himself Shabriri. Highly functional and heavily worn.
Queen's Bracelets,"Bracelets indicating the highest order of sorcerer. Worn by Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon. When Rennala, head of both the Academy of Raya Lucaria and the Carian royal family, lost her husband Radagon, her heart went along with him. And then, those at the academy realized. That Rennala was no champion, after all. "
Royal Remains Gauntlets,Gauntlets graces with gold human bones. Worn by the unspeaking adherent of Sir Gideon the All-Knowing.
Traveler's Gloves,Gloves of a traveling perfumer of no renown. 
Tree Sentinel Gauntlets,Golden gauntlets of the heavy cavalry Tree Sentinels who serve the Erdtree.
Traveler's Manchettes,Light yet sturdy leather manchettes.
Sorcerer Manchettes,Manchettes worn by Raya Lucaria's magic scholars. Made by wrapping a simple cloth around the forearms.
Twinned Gauntlets,Gauntlets depicting entwined twins of gold and silver. 
Traveling Maiden Gloves,Gloves worn by traveling maidens.
Vagabond Knight Gauntlets,"Gauntlets of a knight banished form their motherland. Dirty and battered after enduring a lengthy vagabond journey. Metal armor is heavy, but also sturdy, offering significant damage negation. "
Veteran's Gauntlets,"Old gauntlets that has seen many battles. Worn by Niall, the veteran general of Sol."
Scaled Gauntlets,"Gauntlets worn by Old Knight Istvan. The corroded metal is reinforced with rock-hard scales, making it high effective against non-physical attacks. Istvan is one of a few wizened Tarnished who survived to this day."
Spellblade's Gloves,"Glintstone sorcerer Rogier's traveling attire, graced with an intricate, aristocratic decoration. Strengthens glintstone sorcery skills."
Vulgar Militia Gauntlets,"Gauntlets worn by lean, mean, and filthy militiamen."
Aristocrat Hat,"Leather hat decorated with a withered feather. Travel attire worn by nobles in the capital, and the belonging of a family which claims a knight as an ancestor."
Warrior Gauntlets,Gauntlets of a nomadic warrior. Crafted from sturdy leather.
Aristocrat Headband,Valuable headband featuring fine goldwork. 
Alberich's Pointed Hat (altered),Lighter version of the Alberich's Pointed Hat.
Alberich's Pointed Hat,"Mad Tongue Alberich's pointed hat, a sign of a heretical practitioner. "
War Surgeon Gloves,"Bloodstained white gloves of the war surgeons who were effectively mercy killers. Of the surgeons that were abducted by the Lord of Blood none were able to tame the accursed blood. None but Varré, that is; though he was an exception"
Zamor Bracelets,"Bracelets worn by knights of Zamor, hailed as heroes in the War against the Giants. These long-lived warriors, clad in biting, freezing winds, are said to have been the mortal enemies of the Fire Giants since time immemorial."
White Reed Gauntlets,"Gauntlets of the White Reeds, fashioned from banded iron plates. Worn by the Inabam head disciples of the great swordsman Okina. The Inaba traveled in pursuit of not only the master who abandoned them, but also proper deaths, won honorably through hard-fought combat. To be a White Reed is to seek death; fitting for the Inaba, who desired nothingmore than to die by the sword."
Bandit Mask,"Mask of black cloth that covers the mouth. Favored by bandits for hiding their faces, it also provides some protection against poison. "
Black Dumpling,"Mask forced on a victim's head to lend torture an extra degree of cruelty. It magnifies one's fears and make them acutely aware of all forms of pain Raises attack power when the wearer suffers from madness. When the Black Dumpling goes on, the torturer no longer seeks answers; only to inflict suffering without hope of relief."
Banished Knight Helm (altered),Lighter version of the Banished Knight Helm
Ash-of-war Scarab,Gray scarab worn directly on the head.
Astrologer Hood,"Hood fashioned from supple cloth. Worn by those who look to the cosmos above. They read fate in the stars, and are said to be heirs of the glintstone sorcerers. But alas, the night sky no longer cradles fate."
Black Hood,Hood of lusterless black fabric that conceals its wearer's identity. 
Azur's Glintstone Crown,"Crown of Azur, primeval current sorcerer, set with a prominent blue-green glintstone."
Banished Knight Helm,"Thick, full set of armor covering the entire body. This helm was worn by knights who, whether by misfortune or misdeed, were forced to abandon their homes. These fierce warriors were each and all accomplished. Perhaps that is why, despite their territorial losses, they were still named knights. "
Beast Champion Helm,Silver helm engraved with tiny beasts. Worn by Bernahl the Recusant.
Black Wolf Mask,A mask fashioned after the head of a black wolf.
Bloodsoaked Mask,Mask formed from tightly-wound bandages soaked through with blood. Even the most ghastly cover is more inviting than the festering face beneath.
Black Knife Hood,"Hood used by the Black Knife Assassins. The assassins that carried out the deeds of the Night of the Black Knives were all women, and rumored to be N u men who had close ties with Marika herself."
Blue Silver Mail Hood,Chainmail hood crafted with blue silver. Worn by the wolf-riding Albinauric archers.
Bloodhound Knight Helm,"Metal helm with a pointed beak. Worn by the Bloodhound Knights. The Bloodhound Knights are trained as hunters and known to be unshakable trackers. Without the use of language, each knight chooses his own master. Once the decision has been made, the knight stays loyal for life. "
Blackguard's Iron Mask,"Iron mask forced on convicted prisoners. Worn by the blackguard Big Boggart. To Boggart, the mask made him all the more threatening, and helped him get what he wanted. But it was also a mirror of his emptiness."
Blue Festive Hood,"Hood worn by dancers at the festivities in Dominula, the village of windmills. Use of this hood, dyed in a stunning blue, is only permitted for the young maids who play the central role in the festival."
Blackflame Monk Hood,Mail hood of iron links covering a headband engraved with black flames.
Blue Cloth Cowl,"Cowl of a nomadic warrior. The blue color of its fabric symbolizes brisk waters, as fluid and flowing as the sword in the hand of its wearer. Just as still waters turn foul, stagnation leads to decay. Warriors must remain ever-drifting.  "
Champion Headband,"Headband reserved for the badlands' bravest. Proof that the wearer has slaughtered countless foes. Following the example of their chieftain Hoarah Loux, the brave warriors of the badlands shun excess adornment."
Chain Coif,"Coif made of woven chain. Standard issue for ordinary soldiers. Though plain in appearance, it offers dependable protection."
Bull-goat Helm,"Great Horned Tragoth's helm, adorned with a gold bull-goat motif. Provides high poise."
Brave's Cord Circlet,"Warrior's headband of woven leather. Garb worn by warriors of the frigid uplands. The small flags, white cloths and sheaves of wheat often found hung from these headbands are prayers of farewell from the people of their home. In bidding farewell t warriors departing on a journey from which they aren't like to return, this small act offers only meager relief."
Cerulean Tear Scarab,Blue scarab worn directly on the head. These scarabs roll clumps of cerulean tears during their labors.
Cleanrot Helm,"Winged helm of the Cleanrot Knights, celebrated for their undefeated campaign in the Shattering."
Carian Knight Helm,"Helm of the enchanted knights that once served the Carian royal family. The enchanted knights, anointed by the Lunar Queen, were heroes of the highest honors, but fell into disarray with the decline of the royal family."
Briar Helm,Battered iron helm from a foreign land. Worn by Elemer of he Brair.
Brave's Leather Helm,Battlewear wrapped in thick leather. Garb worn by warriors of the frigid uplands.
Cleanrot Helm (altered),Lighter version of the Cleanrot Helm
Confessor Hood,"Black hood for blending in with the darkness. Worn by church confessors. The churches outside the Lands Between, dedicated to the teachings of the Two Fingers, send confessors out to follow the guidance of grace. The confessors are loyal servants to the Two Fingers, ready to hunt down and quietly dispose of their enemies. "
Commoner's Headband (altered),Lighter version of the Commoner's Headband
Confessor Hood (altered),Lighter version of the Confessor Hood
Commoner's Headband,A headband with the cloth removed. Standard wear for commoners of the Lands Between. 
Consort's Mask,"Mask worn by Tanith, Lady of the Volcano Manor, in the image of a foreign queen."
Crucible Axe Helm,"Helm of the Crucible Knights who served Godfrey, the first Elden Lord. The axe ornamentation is the knight Ordovis's mark, displayed also by his men. Holds the power of the crucible of life, the primordial form of the Erdtree. Strengthens Aspects of the Crucible incantations."
Crimson Hood,A hooded cloak of vivid crimson.  Worn by expatriates royalty.  Increases vigor. 
Crimson Tear Scarab,Red scarab worn directly on the head. The red scarabs roll clumps of crimson tears during their labors.
Crucible Tree Helm,"Helm of the Crucible Knights who served Godfrey, the first Elden Lord. The great tree ornamentation is the knight Siluria's mark, displayed also by her men. Holds the power of the crucible of life, the primordial form of the Erdtree. Strengthens Aspects of the Crucible incantations. "
Diallos's Mask,"Replica of a twin-tailed silver helm with flowery adornments. Only, without the twin tails. "
Drake Knight Helm (altered),Lighter version of the Drake Knight Helm. 
Depraved Perfumer Headscarf,Headscarf worn by depraved perfumers.
Cuckoo Knight Helm,Helm worn by Raya Lucaria Academy knights. Its brow is adorned with a single cuckoo's feather.
Duelist Helm,"Bronze helm decorated with innumerable snakes. Worn by gladiators who were driven from the colosseum. The wearer becomes a slightly easier target for foes. The snake is viewed as a traitor to the Erdtree, and the audience delighted in seeing these bronze effigies beaten and battered."
Eccentric's Hood,"A pointy, ragged hood. Worn by the knight Jerren. The hood hides an aged, bearded mask. Jerren served General Radahn as a guest commander, and they are said to have sworn an oath of honorable death to one another."
Drake Knight Helm,"Black iron helm worn by drake knights. Features the spoils of a dragon catch as an emblem of pride as both dragon hunter and partaker of communion. From birth, drake knights speak not a word. They spend their lives pursuing the strength of dragons, for its sublime beauty and inspiration of awe"
Eccentric's Hood (altered),Lighter version of the Eccentric's Hood
Elden Lord Crown,"Crown of Godfrey, the first Elden Lord. The age of the Erdtree began amongst conflict, when Godfrey was lord of the battlefield. He led the War against the Giants. Faced the Storm Lord, alone. And then, there came a moment. When his last worthy enemy fell. And it was then, as the story is told, that the hue of Lord Godfrey's eyes faded."
Envoy Crown,"The soft bundle worn on the head by Oracle Envoys. Densely wrapped in several layers of cloth. Raises the potency of bubble-based skills. No one knows what the cloth hides, but some claim to have heard a faint whimpering from inside. It must have been their imagination."
Exile Hood,"Deep red hood that covers the whole head. Worn by soldiers sent to the penal colonies, who were required to keep their faces hidden."
Festive Hood (altered),Lighter version of the Festive Hood
Festive Hood,"Hood worn by dancers at the festivities in Dominula, the village of windmills. Decorated with many-colored flowers."
Finger Maiden Fillet,"Fillet worn by maidens who serve the Two Fingers. The maidens live to serve a chosen Tarnished, sharing their guidance and the wisdom of the Two Fingers. The guidance of grace would ensure that the pair be brought together. Or at least, such was the promise long ago."
Fire Monk Hood,Mail hood of iron links covering a headband engraved with flames. Attire of the Fire Monks.
Fire Prelate Helm,"Helm engraved with a sacred countenance and housing a cauldron. Attire of the Fire Prelates, commanders of the Fire Monks."
Fia's Hood,"Hood of black cloth that covers the whole head. Worn by Fia, the Deathbed Companion, on her journey after being exiled from her home."
Fingerprint Helm,"Iron helm singed and blistered by fingers. Worn by Vyke, knight of the Roundtable Hold. No other Tarnished was closer to the throne of the Elden Lord than Vyke. But without announcement, Vyke traveled far below the capital, and was scorched by the flame of frenzy. Did he make his choice for his maiden, or did some other force lure him with suggestion?"
Foot Soldier Cap,Flanged iron cap widely issued to foot soldiers in a lord's army.
Foot Soldier Helm,Wholly unembellished iron helm. Widely issued to foot soldiers in a lord's army.
Gilded Foot Soldier Cap,Flanged cap made from gilded iron. Issued to foot soldiers protecting the royal capital of Leyndell.
Gelmir Knight Helm,Helm worn by knights once loyal to Praetor Rykard. Its crest of red feathers symbolizes Rykard's pedigree as Lord Radagon's son.
Glintstone Scarab,Blue-green scarab worn directly on the head. These scarabs roll clumps of sorcery during their labors.
Godrick Knight Helm,Gauntlets worn by knights loyal to Godrick the Grafted.
Grass Hair Ornament,A headdress made from wildflowers. Wearing this might make you less easy to spot.
Godskin Noble Hood,"Hood made by sewing together patches of smooth skin. Subcutaneous fat makes it plump and soft. Worn by Godskin Nobles. Nobles are the most ancient apostles who are said to have assimilated inhuman physiology. Not unilke the crucible, the Erdtree in its primordial form."
Foot Soldier Helmet,Helmet with a protective metal plate. Widely issued to foot soldiers in lord's army.
Godrick Soldier Helm,"Helm worn by soldiers loyal to Godrick the Grafted. Made from durable iron, layered with a chainmail coif beneath."
Godskin Apostle Hood,Hood made by seweing together patches of smooth skin. Worn by the Godskin Apostles.
Great Horned Headband,Headband decorated by a pair of great horns.
Greathood,"Hood far larger than the head it is meant to cover. A burial shroud of sorts for those who discover, at long last, the truth they sought."
Guilty Hood,"Coarse hooded cloak of olive brown. The garb of those accused of lesser crimes, indicated by the collar of sharpened branches."
Haima Glintstone Crown,One of the glintstone crowns bestowed upon Raya Lucaria scholars whose pursuits were deemed worthy.
Guardian Mask,Engraved golden mask. 
Greathelm,"Sturdy greathelm made from iron. Though it is uncomfortably heavy and obstructs the vision of the wearer, it provides considerable damage negation."
Haligtree Helm,Helm worn by soldiers sworn to the Haligtree. An iron helm graced by a crown of unalloyed gold. Increases faith. 
Hierodas Glintstone Crown,One of the glintstone crowns bestowed upon Raya Lucaria scholars whose pursuits were deemed worthy. Increases intelligence and endurance to the detriment of FP. The crown of Hierodas was granted to scholars who engaged in nomadic study away from the academy. 
Haligtree Knight Helm,Helm worn by knights sworn to the Haligtree. Graced by a crown of unalloyed gold.
High Page Hood,Hood of a page selected for special privilege by the noble they serve.
Highwayman Hood,Hideously stained and ragged hood. Worn by former foot soldiers who have turned to banditry. 
Imp Head (cat),"Head covering made from the largely unaltered head of an impish golem. Resembling a cat, it holds trace amounts of feline intelligence. "
Hoslow's Helm,A twin-tailed silver helm decorated with flowery adornments. Symbol of the head of the head of the revered House of Hoslow.
Iji's Mirrorhelm,"Helm fashioned from a crystal looking-glass, said to have never left War Counselor Iji's head. Easily broken and weak against striking attacks."
Imp Head (fanged),"Head covering made from the largely unaltered head of an impish golem. Resembling a fanged demon, it holds trace amounts of bestial strength."
Imp Head (corpse),"Head covering made from the largely unaltered head of an impish golem. Resembling the visage of a corpse, it holds trace amounts of lingering faith. "
Imp Head (elder),"Head covering made from the largely unaltered head of an impish golem. Resembling an elder, it holds trace amounts of arcane knowledge."
Imp Head (long-tongued),Head covering made from the largely unaltered head of an impish golem.
Imp Head (wolf),"Head covering made from the largely unaltered head of an impish golem. Resembling a wolf, it holds trace amounts of lupine endurance."
Incantation Scarab,"Golden scarab worn directly on the head. These scarabs roll clumps of incantations during their labors. Slightly reduces the FP costs of incantations, but increases damage taken. As a scarab approaches death, it abandons its rolled treasure and stretches its wings wide for long journey to its home nest."
Iron Kasa,Iron kasa of the man who calls himself Shabriri. Crafted to imitate the woven straw hats worn in the Land of Reeds.
Iron Helmet,An iron helmet showing rust on its edges. Cloth covering the mouth and neck provides some resistance to poison and other irritants. 
Jar,"Jar that fits cleanly over the head when upturned. Made with pride by Iron Fist Alexander. In a uniquely jarlike gesture of friendship, it boosts the power of throwing pot items."
Juvenile Scholar Cap,"Cap worn by young academy scholars, the juveniles birthed anew by the amber egg of Queen Rennala, the head of Raya Lucaria Academy. Yet their rebirth is not without imperfections, and thus do they repeat the process, eventually becoming utterly dependent upon it. Rebirth is as sleep to them, and with each awakening, memory fades into oblivion. "
Knight Helm,"Iron helm of an unknown knight. It is made of thin iron plate. Such metal armor is heavy, but provides considerable damage negation."
Land Of Reeds Helm,"Helm made from strips of iron fastened together. Worn by warriors of the Land of Reeds. The Land of Reeds has long been locked in a miserable civil war, during which time it has remained alienated from the cultures of its neighbors. Little wonder that the entire nation has succumbed to blood-soaked madness, or so it is said."
Kaiden Helm,"Helm worn by Kaiden sellswords. These hulking, fearless mercenaries, said to hail from the mountaintops of the wintry north, are adept at fighting on horseback. Kaiden is the name of their home settlement."
Lazuli Glintstone Crown,One of the glintstone crowns bestowed upon Raya Lucaria scholars whose pursuits were deemed worthy.
Maliketh's Helm,Beast's helm made of black iron and decorated with gold. Worn by Maliketh the Black Blade.
Lusat's Glintstone Crown,"The giant blue glintstone crown worn by Lusat, primeval current sorcerer."
Leyndell Knight Helm,Helm worn by knights sworn to defend the royal capital of Leyndell.
Lionel's Helm,Round iron helm with a distinctive large brim. Worn by Lionel the Lionhearted. 
Malenia's Winged Helm,Winged helm made of unalloyed gold.
Malformed Dragon Helm,A malformed golden helm. Adorned with various dragon imagery and worn by the misshapen Tree Sentinels. 
Marais Mask,"Mask in the image of a white-haired young noble. Customarily worn by the head of House Marais. Increases arcane. The Marais family has a dual history spanning generations, serving as both executioners and castellans of the Shaded Castle. This mask bears the likeness of the first of their line."
Marionette Soldier Helm,"Cylindrical helm of plate metal reinforced with a lattice. Worm by marionette soldiers, crafted to serve the sorcerers."
Leyndell Soldier Helm,"Helm worn by soldiers sworn to defend the royal capital of Leyndell. Made from durable iron, layered with a chainmail coif beneath."
Marionette Soldier Helm,"Cylindrical helm of plate metal reinforced with a lattice. Worn by marionette soldiers, crafted to serve the sorcerers."
Marionette Soldier Birdhelm,Metal helm formed in the likeness of the face of a bird. 
Night Maiden Twin Crown,"Twin crowns worn by the nightmaidens of the Eternal City. Indicates the highest clerical rank, and hides the eyes with silk. Long ago, the Nox invoked the ire of the Greater Will, and were banished deep underground. Now they live under a false night sky, in eternal anticipation of their liege. Of the coming age of the stars. And their Lord of Night."
Mushroom Head,Mushrooms found growing all over the body. These overgrown mushroom have colonized the head. 
Night's Cavalry Helm,Pitch-black helm with flowing black hair. Worn by the Night's Cavalry who ride funeral steeds.
Mask Of Confidence,"Mask with the mouth sewn shut with gold thread. Increases arcane. When Radagon married Rennala, he ordered the Carian magic preceptors to don these masks. To make it clear that all of their matters were to be kept strictly private. "
Navy Hood,"A hooded cloak of deep navy. Worn by expatriated royalty. Increases mind. Such cloaks were gifted to those who departed on missions to faraway lands, from which they would never return. But what choice did they have, having seen the guidance of grace?"
Night's Cavalry Helm (altered),Lighter version of the Night's Cavalry Helm.
Mushroom Crown,"Mushrooms found growing all over the body. These overgrown mushrooms form a towering headpiece. Raises attack power when something nearby suffers from poison or rot. Long ago, great lords served the scarlet rot. Perhaps such fungal bodies served as their crowns."
Nomadic Merchant's Chapeau,Chapeau of the nomadic merchants.
Nox Mirrorhelm,"Helm fashioned from a crystal looking-glass. One among the Eternal City's ritual implements. Easily broken and weak against striking attacks. Worn by those committed to high treason, it wards off the intervention of the Greater Will and its vassal Fingers."
Nox Monk Hood,"Silk hood worn by the monks of the Eternal City. Long ago, the Nox invoked the ire of the Greater Will, and were banished deep underground. Now they live under a false night sky, in eternal anticipation of their liege. Of the coming age of the stars. And their Lord of Night."
Old Aristocrat Cowl,"Cowl made of soft cloth. Travel attire worn by nobles in the capital. Garb favored by the aged. Abandoning their birthplace after the Shattering, these undead wanderers are the pitiful product of unending life."
Nox Swordstress Crown,"Crown worn by the swordstresses of the Eternal City. These women are the personal guards of the nightmaidens, and the silk hides their eyes. Long ago, the Nox invoked the ire of the Greater Will, and were banished deep underground. Now they live under a false night sky, in eternal anticipation of their liege. Of the coming age of the stars. And their Lord of Night."
Okina Mask,A wooden mask that depicts an old man bearing his teeth. The source of the sobriquet of the great swordman of the Land of Reeds. Raises dexterity as it lowers focus.
Nox Swordstress Crown (altered),Lighter version of the Nox Swordstress Crown.
Nox Monk Hood (altered),Lighter version of the Nox Monk Hood.
Octopus Head,A land octopus whelp worn directly on the head. Has a lingering warmth reminiscent of human skin. Those who can withstand the smell will find its organic elasticity excellent for negating strikes.
Omen Helm,Malformed helm resembling an Omen with its horns cut off.
Olivinus Glintstone Crown,"One of the glintstone crowns bestowed upon Raya Lucaria scholars whose pursuits were deemed worthy. Increases intelligence to the detriment of HP. The lineage of the Olivinus Conspectus began with the sorcerer Lusat, and its adherents continue his study of meteors."
Perfumer Hood,Hood of an Erdtree Capital perfumer.
Omensmirk Mask,"Mask with long, hideously twisted horns worn by the Omenkillers. Increases strength. Bears the smirking face of an elder, twisted in wicked delight. This visage is carved in the image of the evil spirits that haunt the Omen in their nightmares."
Preceptor's Big Hat,Large hat with the movements of the stars drawn on the inside of the brim. Worn by the magic preceptors who served the Carian royals.
Prisoner Iron Mask,"Iron mask forced on a prisoner convicted of an appalling crime. Thick, heavy, and utterly stifling. A foul creation designed to torment the wearer, either slowly fermenting hatred within their heart, or a spiritual fervor that is near indistinguishable from it. "
Queen's Crescent Crown,"A tall crown depicting the moon. Worn by Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon. Increases intelligence. When Rennala, head of both the Academy of Raya Lucaria and the Carian royal family, lost her husband Radagon, her heart went along with him. And then, those at the academy realized. That Rennala was no champion, after all."
Radahn Soldier Helm,Helm worn by soldiers who fought by General Radahn's side. Its visor is fashioned after a lion's fangs.
Page Hood,Hood worn by pages who serve the nobility and are mindful to keep them out of harm's way. The unassuming sack-like appearance befits their unseen and unknown stature.
Prophet Blindfold,"Blindfold of exiled prophets who foretold misfortune — and were persecuted and driven from their homes as a result. Why hesitate, if the path leading to the future is clear? Just close your eyes, and walk. "
Pumpkin Helm,"An oval helmet large enough to cover any head. Very heavy and very hard. Reduces damage from headshots and impacts. The inside of the helm is pitch black, keeping the crazed warrior within from panicking. Perhaps its rather roomy interior also helps alleviate feelings of pressure and claustrophobia."
Radahn's Redmane Helm,"Helm of the golden lion, with flowing red hair. Worn by General Radahn."
Ragged Hat (altered),Lighter version of the Ragged Hat.
Radiant Gold Mask,"A mask designed to resemble a blazing golden halo. Created and left behind by Lord Goldmask, a staunch pursuer of Golden Order fundamentalism. Strenthens Golden Order incantations. Its striking design represents both the brilliant inspiration that once shone upon him, and the vision of a ring that he will surely find at the end of his pursuit. ""To you who seek to shine as I do, wear it well!"""
Ragged Hat,Helm pieced together from scavenged metal.
Raya Lucarian Helm,Helm worn by Raya Lucaria Academy soldiers. Its brow adorned with a single cuckoo's feather.
Rotten Duelist Helm,"Bronze helm decorated with innumerable snakes, eaten through by scarlet rot. Worn by gladiators who were driven from the colosseum. The wearer becomes a slightly easier target for foes. "
Royal Remains Helm,Helm graced with gold human bones. Worn by the unspeaking adherent of Sir Gideon the All-Knowing.
Royal Knight Helm,"Silver helm of Loretta, a Knight who served Miquella's Haligtree."
Redmane Knight Helm,Helm worn by knights who fought by General Radahn's side.
Sacred Crown Helm,"Flanged iron cap adorned with a crown of unalloyed gold. Increases faith. Worn by foot soldiers sworn to the Haligtree. Who is it that Miquella shall bless, if not the low and the meek?"
Ruler's Mask,"Mask in the image of a wizened sage. Customary dress among lords in a smaller nation. Increases faith. Such a mask illustrates the qualities of an ideal lord: chiefly, wise and possessing a certain defanged geniality. One at the center of society often finds these qualities most expedient."
Scaled Helm,"Helm worn by Old Knight Istvan. The corroded metal is reinforced with rock-hard scales, making it highly effective against non-physical attacks."
Shining Horned Headband,Headband decorated by a pair of shining horns. Worn by ancestral follower shamans.
Sanguine Noble Hood,"Hood of dyed black cloth featuring gold embroidery. Worn by the nobles who serve the Lord of Blood. Known to strike from pools of blood, these assassins are missionaries come to share the gospel of accursed blood. "
Sage Hood,A burgundy pointed hood. Attire of the wise sages who were deemed heretical. Evidence that the wearer was driven from town. 
Skeletal Mask,Skeletal mask that tightly grips the face. Worn by the assassin's of Ravensmount. 
Snow Witch Hat,"Witch's pointed hat, frigid and frozen through. Of a style associated with practitioners of heretical sorcery. Strengthens cold sorcery. Once worn by the snowy crone who the young Ranni encountered deep in the woods. She was a witch, and well versed in cold sorceries. It is said that the doll that houses Ranni's soul was modeled after her. That old witch was Ranni's secret mentor. "
Spellblade's Pointed Hat,"Glintstone sorcerer Rogier's traveling attire, graced with an intricate, aristocratic decoration. Strengthens glintstone sorcery skills."
Traveling Maiden Hood,Hood worn by traveling maidens.
Silver Tear Mask,"Mask fashioned from the corpse of a formless Silver Tear, supported by its hardened, shed husk. Greatly increases arcane to the detriment of physical attack power. To imitate the imitator is a cunning play indeed."
Traveler's Hat,Hat of a traveling perfumer of no renown. 
Vulgar Militia Helm,"Helm worn by lean, mean, and filthy militiamen. The upward extension serves to create an appearance of larger size, however slightly."
Witch's Glintstone Crown,One of the glintstone crowns bestowed upon Raya Lucaria scholars whose pursuits were deemed worthy. 
Twinsage Glintstone Crown,"One of the glintstone crowns bestowed upon Raya Lucaria scholars whose pursuits were deemed worthy. Greatly increases intelligence to the detriment of HP and stamina. Scholars of the Twinsage Conspectus were the elites of the academy, permitted to study and excel in sorceries of all kinds."
Veteran's Helm,"An old helm that has seen many battles.Worn by Niall, the great veteran general of Sol."
White Mask,"Bloodstained, faintly grinning mask. Worn by war surgeons who were effectively mercy killers. The Lord of Blood's curse enlivens the wearer when bloodletting occurs. Slightly raises attack power when there is blood loss nearby."
Tree Sentinel Helm,Golden helm of the heavy cavalry Tree Sentinels who serve the Erdtree.
Twinned Helm,Helm depicting entwined twins of gold and silver.
Vagabond Knight Helm,Helm of a knight banished from their motherland. Dirty and battered after enduring a lengthy vagabond journey. 
Zamor Mask,"Mask worn by knights of Zamor, hailed as heroes in the War against the Giants. These long-lived warriors, clad in biting, freezing winds, are said to have been the mortal enemies of the Fire Giants since time immemorial."
Astrologer Trousers,"Trousers worn inside a robe. Worn by those who look to the cosmos above. They read fate in the stars, and are said to be heirs of the glintstone sorcerers. But alas, the night sky no longer cradles fate. "
Bandit Boots,Leather boots worn by bandits.
Battlemage Legwraps,"Legwraps worn by the scholars of the Raya Lucaria Academy, tattered from being worn on the battlefield."
Alberich's Trousers,Mad Tongue Alberich's trousers.
Aristocrat Boots,"Boots made from tanned leather. Travel attire worn by nobles in the capital. Abandoning their birthplace after the shattering, these undead wanderers are the pitiful product of unending life."
Banished Knight Greaves,"Thick, full set of armor covering the entire body. These greaves were worn by knights who, whether by misfortune or misdeed, were forced to abandon their homes. These fierce warriors were each and all accomplished. Perhaps that is why, despite their territorial losses, they were still named knights. "
Blackflame Monk Greave,Black iron greaves featuring a flame motif.
Beast Champion Greaves,Silver greaves engraved with tiny beasts. Worn by Bernahl the Recusant.
Black Knife Greaves,"Greaves used by the Black Knife Assassins. Crafted with scale armor that makes no sound. The assassins that carried out the deeds of the Night of the Black Knives were all women, and rumored to be Numen who had close ties with Marika herself."
Blaidd's Greaves,Well-worn black greaves of the man-wolf Blaidd.
Cleanrot Greaves,"Greaves of the Cleanrot Knights, celebrated for their undefeated campaign in the Shattering."
Blue Silver Mail Skirt,Chainmail skirt crafted with blue silver. Worn by the wolf-riding Albinauric archers. 
Briar Greaves,Battered iron greaves from a foreign land. Worn by Elemer of the Briar. 
Brave's Legwraps,Greaves wrapped in thick leather. Garb worn by warriors of the frigid uplands. Has a fur lining which excels at keeping the cold at bay.
Commoner's Shoes,"Modest shoes made of cloth. Standard wear for commoners of the Lands Between. Only, there are no commoners remaining with their wits about them."
Carian Knight Greaves,"Greaves of the enchanted knights that once served the Carian royal family. The enchanted knights, anointed by the Lunar Queen, were all decorated heroes, were heroes of the highest honors, but fell into disarray with the decline of the royal family."
Cloth Trousers,"Trousers made of coarse material, commonly worn in the Lands Between. "
Chain Leggings,"Leggings made of woven chain. Standard issue for ordinary soldiers. Though plain in appearance, they offer dependable protection."
Bloodhound Knight Greaves,"Metal greaves of the Bloodhound Knights. The Bloodhound Knights are trained as hunters and known to be unshakable trackers. Without the use of language, each knight chooses his own master. Once the decision has been made the knight stays loyal for life."
Bull-goat Greaves,"Great Horned Tragoth's greaves. Covers its wearer with a pair of giant horns, providing staunch poise. "
Cuckoo Knight Greaves,Greaves worn by Raya Lucaria Academy knights. Time has yet to dull their luster.
Crucible Greaves,"Greaves of the Crucible Knights who served Godfrey, the first Elden Lord. Hold the power of the crucible of life, the primordial form of the Erdtree. Strengthen Aspects of the Crucible incantations. In time, the strength shown by these knights, and even their appearance, was seen as chaotic and deserving of scorn."
Confessor Boots,"Leather boots of the church confessors. The churches outside the Lands Between, dedicated to the teachings of the Two Fingers, send confessors out to follow the guidance of grace. The confessors are loyal servants to the Two Fingers, ready to hunt down and quietly dispose of their enemies."
Drake Knight Greaves,Greaves wrapped in thick leather. Garb worn by warriors of the frigid uplands. Has a fur lining which excels at keeping the cold at bay.
Consort's Trousers,"Fine white trousers, perfectly suited for wearing beneath a silk robe. "
Deathbed Smalls,"Skirt worn by Phia, the Deathbed Companion."
Eccentric's Breeches,"The knight Jerren's breeches. Jerren preferred a nomadic existence, but after spending time as a guest of the Carian royals, he became the guest commander for General Radahn. And for the first time, the restless tumbleweed would be bound by honorable oath."
Duelist Greaves,"Greaves encircles by bronze snakes. Worn by gladiators who were driven from the colosseum. The wearer becomes a slightly easier target for foes. The snake is viewed as a traitor to the Erdtree, and the audience delighted in seeing these bronze effigies beaten and battered."
Elden Lord Greaves,"Greaves of Godfrey, the first Elden Lord. The age of the Erdtree began amongst conflict, when Godfrey was lord of the battlefield. He led the War against the Giants. Faced the Storm Lord, alone. And then, there came a moment. When his last worthy enemy fell. And it was then, as the story is told, that the hue of Lord Godfrey's eyes faded."
Depraved Perfumer Trousers,Trousers worn by depraved perfumers.
Errant Sorcerer Boots,"Commonplace leather boots, sturdy enough to withstand a long journey."
Fire Prelate Greaves,"Black iron greaves with the appearance of flames. Attire of the Fire Prelates, commanders of the Fire Monks."
Fur Leggings,"Leggings fashioned from bristly pelts. Worn by ancestral follower warriors. The ancestral followers keep their distance from the Erdtree, awaiting new buds. They are certain to sprout from their very flesh, and indeed, their souls. "
Fingerprint Greaves,"Iron greaves singed and blistered by fingers. Worn by Vyke, knight of the Roundtable Hold. No other Tarnished was closer to the throne of the Elden Lord than Vyke. But without announcement, Vyke traveled far below the capital, and was scorched by the flame of frenzy. Did he make his choice for his maiden, or did some other force lure him with suggestion?"
Finger Maiden Shoes,"Shoes worn by maidens who serve the Two Fingers. The maidens live to serve a chosen Tarnished, sharing their guidance and the wisdom of the Two Fingers. The guidance of grace would ensure that the pair be brought together. Or at least, such was the promise long ago."
Exile Greaves,Damaged iron greaves. Worn by soldiers sent to the penal colonies.
Foot Soldier Greaves,Metal Graves that have already been mended countless times. Widely issued to foot soldiers in a lord's army.
Gelmir Knight Greaves,Greaves worn by knights once loyal to Praetor Rykard. Time has yet to dull their luster.
Godrick Knight Greaves,Greaves worn by knights loyal to Godrick the Grafted. Time has yet to dull their luster.
Fire Monk Greaves,Black iron greaves featuring a flame motif. Attire of the Fire Monks.
Godrick Soldier Greaves,Greaves worn by soldiers loyal to Godrick the Grafted. Rust-worn and stained through unending conflict.
Gold Waistwrap,Waistwrap made in the image of Erdtree branches. A minimal adornment made by Lord Goldmask's disciples. Those disciples have long since left him.
Haligtree Knight Greaves,Greaves worn by knights sworn to the Haligtree. Time has yet to dull their luster.
Godskin Apostle Trousers,Trousers made by seweing together patches of smooth skin.
Hoslow's Greaves,Garish silver greaves decorated with red embellishments. Passed down through the Hoslow family.
Haligtree Greaves,Greaves worn by soldiers sworn to the Haligtree. Rust-worn and stained through unending conflict. 
Godskin Noble Trousers,"Trousers made by sewing together patches of smooth skin. Subcutaneous fat makes them plump and soft. Worn by Godskin Nobles. Nobles are the most ancient apostles who are said to have assimilated inhuman physiology. Not unlike the crucible, the Erdtree in its primordial form."
Guardian Greaves,Engraved golden greaves. Worn by the guardians of the Minor Erdtrees.
Kaiden Trousers,Trousers worn by Kaiden sellswords.
Knight Greaves,"Iron greaves of an unknown knight. It is made of thin iron plate. Such metal armor is heavy, but provides considerable damage negation. "
Land Of Reeds Greaves,Greaves wrapped in tough leather.
Leather Boots,Lightweight and battle-proven leather boots worn by a savvy soldier. Many admire the wearer of this armor for his chivalrous and forthright spirit.
Leather Trousers,Well-made leather trousers. The lower legs are each bound in cord for ease of movement.
Leyndell Knight Greaves,Greaves worn by knights sworn to defend the royal capital of Leyndell. Time has yet to dull their luster.
Leyndell Soldier Greaves,Greaves worn by soldiers sworn to defend the royal capital of Leyndell. Rust-worn and stained through unending conflict. 
Lionel's Greaves,Rounded iron greaves. Worn by Lionel the Lionhearted. 
Malformed Dragon Greaves,Malformed golden greaves.
Malenia's Greaves,"Greaves made of unalloyed gold. Worn by Malenia, Blade of Miquella. Malenia awaited Miquella at the foot of the husk. ""My brother will keep his promise. He possesses the wisdom, the allure, of a god—he is the most fearsome Empyrean of all."""
Maliketh's Greaves,"Beast's greaves made of black iron and decorated with gold. Worn by Maliketh the Black Blade. Maliketh, Queen Marika's loyal half-brother, bore a blade imbued with Destined Death, and there was not one demigod who did not fear him. Champions knew what was at stake. Indeed, that is what made them champions."
Mausoleum Greaves,Greaves worn by headless soldiers who endlessly guard the Wandering Museum. Rust-worn and stained through unending conflict.
Mausoleum Knight Greaves,Greaves worn by headless knights who endlessly guard the Wandering Mausoleum. Time has yet to dull their luster.
Old Sorcerer Legwraps,Ragged waistcloth that extends to the thighs. Common amongst old-fashioned sorcerers.
Nox Monk Greaves,"Greaves worn by the monks of the Eternal City. Long ago, the Nox invoked the ire of the Greater Will, and were banished deep underground. Now they live under a false night sky, in eternal anticipation of their liege. Of the coming age of the stars. And their Lord of Night."
Omenkiller Boots,"Long, stiff leather gloves worn by the Omenkillers."
Nomadic Merchant's Trousers,"Trousers of the nomadic merchants. These merchants once thrived as the Great Caravan, but after being accused of heretical beliefs, their entire clan was rounded up and buried alive far underground. Then, they chanted a curse of despair, and summoned the flame of frenzy."
Page Trousers,Trousers worn by pages who serve nobility and are mindful to keep them out of harm's way. 
Night's Cavalry Greaves,Pitch-black greaves thinly painted with dried blood. Worn by the Night's Cavalry who ride funeral steeds.
Mushroom Legs,"Mushrooms found growing all over the body. These overgrown mushroom have colonized the Legs.  To those enraptured by the scarlet rot, they are holy vestments that root one to the earth. "
Omen Greaves,Malformed greaves resembling an Omen with its horns cut off. 
Old Aristocrat Shoes,Hard-wearing shoes made of leather. Travel attire worn by nobles in the capital. Garb favored by the aged.
Noble's Trousers,"White trousers of superior craftsmanship. Worn by expatriated royalty. A gift of such rare beauty, a royal wouldn't disgrace their illustrious heritage even if found dead, in a ditch, in the middle of nowhere, while wearing such splendid raiment. "
Ragged Loincloth,Greaves pieced together from scavenged metal.
Perfumer Sarong,Sarong of an Erdtree Capital perfumer.
Preceptor's Trousers,Trousers of the magic preceptors who serve the Carian royals. Black and perfectly discreet. 
Prophet Trousers,"Trousers of the exiled prophets who foresaw that their faith would end in flames — and were persecuted and driven from their homes as a result. Its fabric scrapes against their skin like a file, and the rickety cart wheel around the neck warns passers-by not to lend an ear to their meandering sermons.  "
Queen's Leggings,"Leggings indicating the highest order of sorcerer. Worn by Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon. When Rennala, head of both the Academy of Raya Lucaria and the Carian royal family, lost her husband Radagon, her heart went along with him. And then, those at the academy realized. That Rennala was no champion, after all. "
Raya Lucarian Greaves,Greaves worn by Raya Lucaria Academy soldiers. Rust-worn and stained through unending conflict. 
Prisoner Trousers,"Tattered trousers. Worn by a prisoner convicted of an appalling crime. Never once washed, every fiber is filthy. The smell is beyond belief."
Redmane Knight Greaves,Black iron greaves worn by knights who fought by General Radahn's side. Time has yet to dull their luster.
Radahn's Greaves,Greaves depicting the golden lion. Worn by General Radahn. 
Radahn Soldier Greaves,Greaves worn by soldiers who fought by General Radahn's side. Rust-worn and stained through unending conflict.
Royal Knight Greaves,"Silver greaves of Loretta, a knight who served Miquella's Haligtree. Loretta, once a royal Carian knight, went on a journey in search of a haven for Albinaurics, and determined that the Haligtree was their best chance for eventual salvation."
Ronin's Greaves,Greaves of the man who calls himself Shabriri. Highly functional and heavily worn.
Royal Remains Greaves,Greaves graced with gold human bones. Worn by the unspeaking adherent of Sir Gideon the All-Knowing.
Sage Trousers,Thick burgundy trousers. Attire of the wise sages who were deemed heretical. Evidence that the wearer was driven from town.
Shaman Leggings,Leggings fashioned from bristly pelts. Worn by ancestral follower shamans.
Snow Witch Skirt,"Witch's skirt in the color of snow. Once worn by the snowy crone who the young Ranni encountered deep in the woods. She was a witch, and well versed in cold sorceries. It is said that the doll that houses Ranni's soul was modeled after her. That old witch was Ranni's secret mentor."
Scaled Greaves,"Gauntlets worn by Old Knight Istvan. The corroded metal is reinforced with rock-hard scales, making it high effective against non-physical attacks. Istvan is one of a few wizened Tarnished who survived to this day."
Rotten Duelist Greaves,"Greaves wrapped with bronze snakes, eaten through by scarlet rot. Worn by gladiators who were driven from the colosseum. The wearer becomes a slightly easier target for foes. "
Spellblade's Trousers,"Glintstone sorcerer Rogier's traveling attire, graced with an intricate, aristocratic decoration. Strengthens glintstone sorcery skills."
Sorcerer Leggings,Leggings worn by Raya Lucaria's magic scholars. Made by wrapping a simple cloth around the legs.
Traveler's Slops,Slops of a traveling perfumer of no renown. 
Veteran's Greaves,"An old greaves that has seen many battles.Worn by Niall, the great veteran general of Sol."
Traveler's Boots,Light yet sturdy leather boots.
Traveling Maiden Boots,Boots worn by traveling maidens.
Twinned Greaves,Greaves depicting entwined twins of gold and silver. 
Tree Sentinel Greaves,Golden greaves of the heavy cavalry Tree Sentinels who serve the Erdtree.
War Surgeon Trousers,"Bloodstained trousers of the war surgeons who were effectively mercy killers. Of the surgeons that were abducted by the Lord of Blood none were able to tame the accursed blood. None but Varré, that is; though he was an exception"
Vulgar Militia Greaves,"Greaves worn by lean, mean, and filthy militiamen."
Warrior Greaves,Greaves of a nomadic warrior. Crafted from sturdy leather.
Vagabond Knight Greaves,Greaves of a knight banished from their motherland. Dirty and battered after enduring a lengthy vagabond journey.
White Reed Greaves,"Greaves of the White Reeds, fashioned from banded iron plates. Worn by the Inabam head disciples of the great swordsman Okina. The Inaba traveled in pursuit of not only the master who abandoned them, but also proper deaths, won honorably through hard-fought combat. To be a White Reed is to seek death; fitting for the Inaba, who desired nothingmore than to die by the sword."
Zamor Legwraps,"Legwraps worn by knights of Zamor, hailed as heroes in the War against the Giants. These long-lived warriors, clad in biting, freezing winds, are said to have been the mortal enemies of the Fire Giants since time immemorial."
