name,effects
Ancient Dragons' Lightning Strike,Summons red lightning that spreads from impact
Aspects Of The Crucible: Horns,creates shoulder horn to gore foes from a low stance.
Agheel's Flame,Spews flame breath of Agheel from above
Aspects Of The Crucible: Tail,Creates supple tail to sweep area before caster
Barrier Of Gold,Greatly increases magic damage negation for self & allies
Ancient Dragons' Lightning Spear,Stabs with red lightning spear from above
Beast Claw,Creates claws that tear through the land.
Aspect Of The Crucible: Breath,Creates throat pouch to spew fire while walking
Bestial Constitution,Alleviates blood loss and frost buildup
Bestial Sling,Swiftly flings numerous sharp rock shards
Black Blade,Black blade spinning slash that emits wave of light.
Black Flame Ritual,Summons circle of black flame pillars around caster.
Black Flame,Throws a ball of raging black fire
Black Flame Blade,Enchants right-hand armament with black flame
Bestial Vitality,Heals HP over a period of time
Black Flame's Protection,Increases phyiscal damage negation
Blessing's Boon,Grants blessing to self and nearby allies
Blessing Of The Erdtree,Grants greater blessing to self and nearby allies
Bloodflame Blade,Enchants right-hand armament with bloodflame
Bloodflame Talons,Creates bloodflame lacerations that then explode
Bloodboon,Scatters bloodflame before caster to set area aflame.
Borealis's Mist,Spews icy breath of Borealis from above
Cure Poison,Cures Poison ailment and reduces poison build-up.
Burn O Flame!,Raises a series of flame pillars around caster
Darkness,Creates area of darkness that conceals caster
Death Lightning,Strikes surroundings with storm of death lightning
Discus Of Light,Fires ring of light before the caster
Divine Fortification,Increases holy damage negation.
Dragonbolt Blessing,Bolsters caster's body with lightning
Dragonice,Channels dragon to spew icy breath
Dragonclaw,Channels dragon to rend foes with dragon claws
Dragonfire,Channels dragon to spew flame breath
Dragonmaw,Channels dragon to bite foes before caster
Ekzyke's Decay,Spews scarlet rot breath of Ekzykes from above.
Ekzykes's Decay,Spews scarlet rot breath of Ekzykes from above
Fire's Deadly Sin,Sets area and self ablaze with raging flames
Erdtree Heal,Vastly heals HP for self and nearby allies
"Flame, Fall Upon Them",Hurls several balls of fire at once
Ezykes's Decay,???
Electrify Armament,Enchants right-hand armament with lightning damage
Flame Fortification,Increases fire damage negation.
Flame Of The Fell God,Summons raging fireball that explodes and sets the area ablaze
Elden Stars,Creates a steam of golden shooting stars that assail the area.
"Flame, Protect Me",Greatly increases fire damage negation
Fortissax's Lightning Spear,Stabs from above with two red lightning spears in tandem
Frozen Lightning Spear,Stabs with ice lightning spear from above
Glintstone Breath,Channels dragon to spew icy breath.
Golden Lightning Fortification,Greatly increases lightning resistance for self and allies
Frenzied Burst,Emits concentrated blast of yellow flame of frenzy from eyes
Giantsflame Take Thee,Hurls massive ball of raging fire
Golden Vow (spell),Increases attack and defense for self and allies
Gurrang's Beast Claw,Creates beast claws to rend surroundings with shockwaves
Immutable Shield,Increases left-hand shield's affinity/ailment resistance
Heal,Heals HP for you and nearby allies.
Howl Of Shabriri,"Shrieks, building up madness in nearby foes"
Great Heal,Greatly Heals HP for self and nearby allies
Greyoll's Roar,Emits the roar of Elder Dragon Greyoll.
Inescapable Frenzy,Latches onto foes to spread madness
Honed Bolt,Strikes foe with lightning bolt from above
Lansseax's Glaive,Sweeps from above with red lightning glaive.
Lightning Fortification,Increass lighting damage negation
Lord's Aid,Alleviates poison / blood loss / sleep buildup for self / allies
Lightning Spear,Hurls lightning spear before caster
Law Of Causality,Retaliates upon receiving a number of blows
Litany Of Proper Death,Creates image of Order to deal holy damage
Law Of Regression,Heals all ailments and dispels all special effects
Lightning Strike,Summons lightning bolt that spreads from impact.
Lord's Divine Fortification,Greatly increases holy damage negation incl. allies
Lord's Heal,Massively heals HP for self and nearby allies
Order Healing,Alleviates death blight buildup
Noble Presence,Thrust out belly with gusto to unelash repelling shockwave
Order's Blade,Enchanted right-hand armament with holy damage
Magic Fortification,Increases magic damage negation
"O, Flame!",Momentarily sparks roaring flame from hand
Magma Breath,Channels wyrm to spew magma breath
Pest Threads,Launches countless sticky threads before caster
Protection Of The Erdtree,Increases affinity damage negation for self & allies
Placidusax's Ruin,Spews golden breath of Dragonlord Placidusax
Poison Mist,Releases poison mist before caster.
Radagon's Rings Of Light,Creates golden ring of light to attack wide area
Rotten Breath,Channels dragon to spew scarlet rot breath
Rejection,Produces a shockwave that pushes away foes.
Smarag's Glintstone Breath,Spews magic breath of Glintstone Dragon Smarag from above
Stone Of Gurranq,Hurls a boulder before the caster
"Surge, O Flame!",Incinerates area before caster with stream of fire
Shadow Bait,Creates shadow that lures the aggression of foes of human build
Scouring Black Flame,Sweeps area before caster with black flame
Scarlet Aeonia,Creates a giant flower that explodes with scarlet rot.
Swarm Of Flies,Releases a swarm of bloodflies before the caster
The Flame Of Frenzy,Emits burst of yellow flame of frenzy from eyes
Theodorix's Magma,Spews magma breath of Theodorix from above
Unendurable Frenzy,Emits violent burst of yellow flame of frenzy from eyes.
Triple Rings Of Light,Fire three rings of light before the caster
"Whirl, O Flame!",Sweeps area before caster with stream of fire
Vyke's Dragonbolt,Enchants right-hand armament with lightning damage
Urgent Heal,Heals a small amount of HP.
Wrath Of Gold,Produces golden shockwave that knocks back foes
