name,effect
Blue Cipher Ring,Enables the wearer to answer calls for rescue
White Cipher Ring,"When invaded, request the aid of a hunter."
Furlcalling Finger Remedy,Reveals co-op and hostile summoning signs
Tarnished's Furled Finger,Creates cooperative multiplayer summon sign.
Finger Severer,"Sends another, or oneself, home."
Duelist's Furled Finger,Creates competitive multiplayer summon sign.
Memory Of Grace,"Lose all runes, return to last site of lost grace."
Tarnished's Wizened Finger,Used to write messages.
Taunter's Tongue,Lures in invanders.
Bloody Finger,Attempts invasion of other player's world.
Small Golden Effigy,Send co-operative sign to summoning pool
Small Red Effigy,Sends competitive sign to summoning pool
Festering Bloody Finger,Attempts invasion of other player's world
Smithing Stone [3],Reinforce armaments up to +9.
Smithing Stone [2],Reinforce armaments up to +6.
Smithing Stone [4],Reinforce armaments up to +12.
Smithing Stone [5],Reinforce armaments up to +15.
Smithing Stone [7],Reinforce armaments up to +21.
Smithing Stone [6],Reinforce armaments up to +18.
Smithing Stone [8],Reinforce armaments up to +24.
Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone,Reinforce armamanets to +25
Somber Smithing Stone [1],Reinforce special armaments to +1.
Somber Smithing Stone [2],Reinforce special armaments to +2.
Somber Smithing Stone [4],Reinforce special armaments to +4.
Somber Smithing Stone [3],Reinforce special armaments to +3.
Somber Smithing Stone [5],Reinforce special armaments to +5.
Somber Smithing Stone [6],Reinforce special armaments to +6.
Somber Smithing Stone [7],Reinforce special armaments to +7.
Somber Smithing Stone [9],Reinforce special armaments to +9.
Somber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone,Reinforce special armaments to +10
Recusant Finger,Attempts invasion of other player's world
Smithing Stone [1],Reinforce armaments up to +3.
Grave Glovewort [1],Strengthen ashes to +1.
Grave Glovewort [2],Strengthen ashes to +2.
Grave Glovewort [3],Strengthen ashes to +3
Grave Glovewort [4],Strengthens ashes to +4
Grave Glovewort [5],Strengthens ashes to +5
Grave Glovewort [7],Strengthens ashes to +7
Grave Glovewort [6],Strengthens ashes to +6
Grave Glovewort [8],Strengthens ashes to +8
Grave Glovewort [9],Strengthens ashes to +9
Ghost Glovewort [2],Strengthen renowned ashes to +2
Great Grave Glovewort,Strengthens ashes to +10
Ghost Glovewort [1],Strengthens renowned ashes to +1.
Ghost Glovewort [3],Strengthen renowned ashes to +3
Ghost Glovewort [4],Strengthen renowned ashes to +4
Ghost Glovewort [5],Strengthen renowned ashes to +5
Ghost Glovewort [7],Strengthens renowned ashes to +7
Ghost Glovewort [8],Stengthened renowed ashes to +8
Ghost Glovewort [6],Strengthens renowned ashes to +6
Ghost Glovewort [9],Stengthened renowed ashes to +9
Great Ghost Glovewort,Strengthens renowned ashes to +10
Armorer's Cookbook [2],Expands crafting repertoire
Armorer's Cookbook [3],Expands crafting repertoire
Armorer's Cookbook [4],Expands crafting repertoire
Armorer's Cookbook [1],Expands crafting repertoire
Armorer's Cookbook [5],Expands crafting repertoire
Armorer's Cookbook [6],Expands crafting repertoire
Armorer's Cookbook [7],Expands crafting repertoire
Fevor's Cookbook [1],Expands crafting repertoire
Fevor's Cookbook [2],Expands crafting repertoire
Missionary's Cookbook [1],Expands crafting repertoire
Missionary's Cookbook [3],Expands crafting repertoire
Missionary's Cookbook [4],Expands crafting repertoire
Missionary's Cookbook [5],Expands crafting repertoire
Somber Smithing Stone [8],Reinforce special armaments to +8.
Missionary's Cookbook [7],Expands crafting repertoire
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook [1],Expands crafting repertoire
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook [2],Expands crafting repertoire
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook [3],Expands crafting repertoire
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook [5],Expands crafting repertoire
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook [4],Expands crafting repertoire
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook [6],Expands crafting repertoire
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook [7],Expands crafting repertoire
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook [9],Expands crafting repertoire
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook [10],Expands crafting repertoire
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook [11],Expands crafting repertoire
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook (12),Expands crafting repertoire
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook [13],Expands crafting repertiore
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook [14],Expands crafting repertoire
Fevor's Cookbook [3],Expands crafting repertoire
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook [16],Expands crafting repertoire
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook [15],Expands crafting repertoire
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook [17],Expands crafting repertoire
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook [8],Expands crafting repertoire
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook [18],Expands crafting repertoire
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook (19),Expands crafting repertoire
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook [20],Expands crafting repertoire
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook [21],Expands crafting repertoire
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook [24],Expands crafting repertoire
Glintstone Craftsman's Cookbook [1],Expands crafting repertoire
Glintstone Craftsman's Cookbook [2],Expands crafting repertoire
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook [22],Expands crafting repertoire
Glintstone Craftsman's Cookbook [3],Expands crafting repertoire
Glintstone Craftsman's Cookbook [4],Expands crafting repertoire
Glintstone Craftsman's Cookbook [5],Expands crafting repertoire
Glintstone Craftsman's Cookbook [6],Expands crafting repertoire
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook [23],Expands crafting repertoire
Glintstone Craftsman's Cookbook [8],Expands crafting repertoire.
Glintstone Craftsman's Cookbook (7),Expands crafting repertoire.
Frenzied's Cookbook [1],Expands crafting repertoire
Frenzied Cookbook,Expands crafting repertoire
Perfumer's Cookbook [2],Expands crafting repertoire
Perfumer's Cookbook [1],Expands crafting repertoire
Perfumer's Cookbook [3],Expands crafting repertoire
Perfumer's Cookbook [4],Expands crafting repertoire
Ancient Dragon Apostle's Cookbook [1],Expands crafting repertoire
Ancient Dragon Apostle's Cookbook [2],Expands crafting repertoire
Ancient Dragon Apostle's Cookbook [3],Expands crafting repertoire
Ancient Dragon Apostle's Cookbook [4],Expands crafting repertoire
Flask Of Crimson Tears,Restores HP
Flask Of Cerulean Tears,Restores FP
Scriptstone,Reveals more messages from other worlds
Holy Water Pot,Uses FP. Throw at enemies to inflict holy damage
Rainbow Stone,"Shines with colored light when placed, serving as a guide"
Roped Fire Pot,Throw behind to inflict fire damage.
Rowa Raisin,"On horseback, feed to spectral steed to restore HP"
Glowstone,Emits a faint light from the location it is placed
Pauper's Rune,Use to gain a few runes
Flask Of Wondrous Physick,Bestows various special effects
Immunizing Cured Meat,Temporarily boosts Immunity
Pickled Turtle Neck,Temporarily boosts Stamina recovery
Fireproof Dried Liver,Boosts  Fire Damage Negation for a short time.
Drawstring Fire Grease,"Quickly coats weapon, inflicting  Fire Damage"
Fire Pot,Throw at enemies to inflict Fire Damage
Fire Grease,"Coats weapon, inflicting Fire Damage"
Neutralizing Boluses,Alleviates poison buildup and cures poison
Exalted Flesh,Temporarily boosts physical attack
Sleep Pot,Emits a Soporific purple haze
Gold-pickled Fowl Foot,Boosts rune acquisition for a time (30%)
Dragon Heart,Gain power of the dragon at the Dragon Communion altar.
Throwing Dagger,Throw at enemies to inflict damage
Stimulating Boluses,Alleviates buildup of sleep
Stanching Boluses,Alleviates impending blood loss
Lands Between Rune,Use to gain many runes
Golden Seed,Increases Sacred Flask's number of uses
Bewitching Branch,Uses FP to charm pierced enemy
Boiled Prawn,Boosts physical damage negation for a time
Explosive Stone,"Explodes when thrown, inflicting Fire Damage"
Starlight Shards,Use to gradually recover FP
Golden Rune [1],Use to gain a small number of runes
Golden Rune [2],Use to gain a small number of runes (400)
Golden Rune [3],Use to gain runes
Golden Rune [6],Use to gain many runes
Golden Rune [4],Use to gain runes
Baldachin's Blessing,Uses FP to temporarilty boost poise
Blood Grease,"Coats armament, inflicting blood loss"
Frozen Raisin,"On horseback, feed to Torrent to vastly restore HP"
Glass Shard,Shard of filthy glass. Worthless rubbish
Fan Daggers,Thrown fanned-out knives at enemies to inflict damage
Grace Mimic,"Light shows the path, but without order"
Roped Holy Water Pot,Uses FP. Throw behind to inflict holy damage
Bone Dart,Throw at enemies to inflict damage
Gravity Stone Chunk,Uses FP to cause a gravitational explosion
Gravity Stone Fan,Uses FP to emit fan-shaped gravitational shockwave
Invigorating Cured Meat,Temporarily boosts Robustness
Invigorating White Cured Meat,Temporarily boosts Robustness
Kukri,Throw at enemies to inflict damage and build up onset of blood loss
Glintstone Scrap,"Break gem, using FP to produce a magic bolt."
Large Glintstone Scrap,Break gem and use FP to produce many magic bolts
Magic Grease,"Coats armament, inflicting magic damage"
Remembrance Of The Grafted,Take the power of its namesake via Finger Reader
Rot Grease,"Coats armament, inflicting scarlet rot"
Rune Arc,Grants the blessing of an equipped rune upon use
Silver-pickled Fowl Foot,Temporarily boosts item discovery (+50)
Spellproof Dried Liver,Temporarily boosts magic damage negation
Warming Stone,Uses FP to continuously heal nearby allies
Sacred Tear,Improves Sacred Flask's potency
Furled Finger's Trick-mirror,Take on appearance of a Host of Fingers
Host's Trick-mirror,Take on appearance of a cooperator
Drawstring Lightning Grease,"Quickly coats armament, inflicting lightning damage."
Cuckoo Glintstone,Uses FP to produce a magic bolt
Preserving Boluses,Alleviates scarlet rot buildup and cures rot
Golden Rune [5],Use to gain runes (1600)
Remembrance Of The Full Moon Queen,Take the power of its namesake via Finger Reader
Raw Meat Dumpling,Restores HP but causes poison buildup
"Prattling Pate ""wonderful""","Emits a voice that says ""Wonderful"""
Clarifying White Cured Meat,Temporarily boosts focus
Immunizing White Cured Meat,Temporarily boosts immunity
Clarifying Cured Meat,Temporarily boosts focus
Soft Cotton,Temporarily reduces fall damage and sound
Poisonbone Dart,Throw at enemies to inflict damage and build up poison
Poisoned Stone,Throw at enemies to cause buildup of poison
Poisoned Stone Clump,Throw together to cause buildup of poison
Dragonwound Grease,"Coats armament, granting special dragon attacks"
"Prattling Pate ""apologies""","Emits a voice that says ""Apologies"""
Rejuvenating Boluses,Alleviates death blight buildup
Explosive Stone Clump,"Explodes when thrown together, inflicting fire damage"
"Prattling Pate ""you're Beautiful""","Emits a voice that says ""You're beautiful"""
Poison Grease,"Coats armament, inflicting poison"
"Prattling Pate ""please Help""","Emits a voice that says ""Please help"""
Golden Rune [7],Use to gain many runes
Golden Rune [9],Use to gain many runes
Golden Rune [10],Use to gain a great many runes
Golden Rune [8],Use to gain many runes
Shield Grease,Boosts guarding ability and all damage negation.
Soap,Removes filth and accumulations on the body
Frenzyflame Stone,Uses FP to continuously heal chaos followers
Lightning Grease,"Coats armament, inflicting lightning damage"
Soporific Grease,"Coats armament, inflicting sleep"
Dappled Cured Meat,"Temporarily boosts Immunity, Robustness, and Focus"
Wraith Calling Bell,Uses FP to ring bell and calls prowling wraiths
Holyproof Dried Liver,Temporarily boosts holy damage negation
Remembrance Of The Starscourge,Take the power of its namesake via Finger Reader
Dappled White Cured Meat,"Temporarily boosts immunity, robustness, and focus"
Clarifying Boluses,Alleviates madness buildup
Crystal Dart,Uses FP. Throw to inflict magic damage.
Drawstring Blood Grease,"Quickly coats armament, inflicting blood loss"
Drawstring Magic Grease,"Quickly coats armament, inflicting magic damage"
Furlcalling Finger Remedy,Reveals co-op and hostile summoning signs
Roped Fetid Pot,Throw behind to cause buildup of deadly poison
Roped Poison Pot,Throw behind to cause buildup of poison
Beastlure Pot,Uses FP. Lures beasts only.
Roped Oil Pot,Throw behind to douse enemies in oil
Rancor Pot,Uses FP. Throw to summon vengeful spirits.
Cursed-blood Pot,Throw to douse enemy with accursed blood.
Freezing Pot,Throw at enemies to cause buildup of frost.
Poison Pot,Throw at enemies to cause buildup of poison.
Oil Pot,Throw at enemies to soak them in oil.
Poison Spraymist,Uses FP to release poison mist from the mouth.
Fetid Pot,Throw at enemies to cause deadly buildup of poison.
Giantsflame Fire Pot,Uses FP. Throw at enemies to inflict heavy fire damage.
Bloodboil Aromatic,Uses FP to enter a temporary state of fervor.
Thawfrost Boluses,Alleviates buildup of frost
Remembrance Of The Naturalborn,Take the power of its namesake via Finger Reader
Remembrance Of The Regal Ancestor,Take the power of its namesake via Finger Reader
Margit's Shackle,Binds Margit and Morgott two times per battle
Numen'srune,Use to gain a multitude of runes
Regal Omen Bairn,Uses FP to unleash many wraiths that chase that foes
Sacred Order Pot,Uses FP. Throw at enemies to inflict heavy holy damage.
Rot Pot,Throw at enemies to cause buildup of scarlet rot.
Spark Aromatic,Uses FP to broadly scatter sparks in a wide arc straight ahead
Blasphemous Claw,Deflects the power of the Black Blade
Uplifting Aromatic,Boosts ally attack power and reduces incoming damage once.
Drawstring Holy Grease,"Quickly coats armament, inflicting holy damage"
Freezing Grease,"Coats armament, inflicting frost"
Golden Rune [13],Use to gain a great many runes
Hero's Rune [1],Use to gain an abundance of runes.
Hero's Rune [5],Use to gain an abundance of runes.
Lightningproof Dried Liver,Temporarily boosts lightning damage negation
Lord's Rune,Use to gain an enormous abundance of runes
Memory Of Grace,"Lose all runes, return to last site of lost grace."
Mohg's Shackle,"Briefly binds Mogh, once imprisoned, to earth"
Omen Bairn,Uses FP to unleash wraiths that chase down foes
Remembrance Of Hoarah Loux,Take the power of its namesake via Finger Reader
Remembrance Of The Black Blade,Take the power of its namesake via Finger Reader
Remembrance Of The Blasphemous,Take the power of its namesake via Finger Reader
Remembrance Of The Fire Giant,Take the power of its namesake via Finger Reader
Drawstring Rot Grease,"Quickly coats armament, inflicting scarlet rot, but with a brief effect, owing to its small size."
Golden Rune (11),Use to gain many runes
Remembrance Of The Omen King,Take the power of its namesake via Finger Reader
Remembrance Of The Black Blade,Take the power of its namesake Via Finger Reader
Remembrance Of The Dragonlord,Take the power of its namesake via Finger Reader
Remembrance Of The Lichdragon,Take the power of its namesake via Finger Reader
Elden Remembrance,Take the power of its namesake via Finger Reader
Remembrance Of The Rot Goddess,Take the power of its namesake via Finger Reader
Radiant Baldachin's Blessing,Uses FP to temporarily raise poise
Crafting Kit,Enables the practice of item Crafting
Telescope,Allows viewer to see faraway things
Torch,Phy 54 Mag 0 Fire 97 Ligt 0 Holy 0 Crit 100
Lantern,Attach to waist to illuminate surroundings
Spectral Steed Whistle,Summon and ride spectral steed Torrent.
Spirit Calling Bell,Bell that summons various spirits from ashen items
Spirit Calling Bell,Bell that summons various spirits from ashen items
Tailoring Tools,Enables armor adjustment at sites of grace
Sewing Needle,Boc the demi-human's prized sewing needle
Tailoring Tools,Enables armor adjustment at sites of grace
Golden Tailoring Tools,Allows demigod garb alteration at sites of grace
Gold Sewing Needle,Special sewing needle for demigod attire
Unalloyed Gold Needle,Snapped intricate needle of unalloyed gold
Memory Stone,Increases memory slots
Memory Stone,Increases memory slots
Talisman Pouch,Increases Talisman equip slots.
Stonesword Key,Use to break one imp statue seal
Academy Glintstone Key,Key to open the academy's two sealed gates
Sewer-gaol Key,Unlocks sewer-gaol door beneath Leyndell
Rusty Key,Opens a locked door in Stormveil Castle
Imbued Sword Key,"Unseals sending gate, but disappears upon use"
Drawing-room Key,Key to the Volcano Manor drawing room
Hosts' Trick-mirror,Take on appearance of a cooperator
Mimic's Veil,Uses FP to mimic nearby objects.
Irina's Letter,Letter addressed to the commander of Castle Morne
Discarded Palace Key,Key to treasure chest for Carian Princesses
Furled Finger's Trick-mirror,Take on appearance of a Host of Fingers
Irina's Letter,Letter addressed to the commander of Castle Morne
Chrysalids' Memento,Broach wrapped in red velvet
Chrysalids' Memento,Broach wrapped in red velvet
Beast Eye,Said to tremble when close to Deathroot
Deathroot,Beast Clergyman seeks and devours these
Shabriri Grape,"Yellow, oozing eyeball of the infirm"
Celestial Dew,Carry out Absolution at the Church of Vows
Seedbed Curse,Curse grown on a body defiled by a Dung Eater
Black Knifeprint,Mark of the Night of the Black Knives ritual
Dragon Heart,Gain power of the dragon at the Dragon Communion altar.
Fingerprint Grape,"Eyeball of the knight Vyke, inflamed yellow"
"Prattling Pate ""hello""","Emits a voice that says ""Hello"""
"Prattling Pate ""thank You""","Emits a voice that says ""Thank you"""
"Prattling Pate ""apologies""","Emits a voice that says ""Apologies"""
Wraith Calling Bell,Uses FP to ring bell and calls prowling wraiths
Larval Tear,Material needed by Rennala to grant rebirth
Seluvis's Potion,Small flask received from Preceptor Seluvis
Mirage Riddle,Simple map taken from an imp statue.
Valkyrie's Prosthesis,Golden prosthesis used by the one-armed Valkyrie
Weathered Dagger,"Dagger received from Fia, Deathbed Companion"
Seluvis's Introduction,Letter of introduction addressed to Sellen
Fingerslayer Blade,Hidden treasure of the Eternal City of Nokron
Ancestral Infant's Head,Uses FP to spray spirit vapor
Carian Inverted Statue,Key revealing the hidden form of Carian Study Hall
Cursemark Of Death,Cursemark carved into Lunar Princess Ranni's discarded flesh
Rold Medallion,Operates Grand Lift of Rold
Miniature Ranni,Doll resembling Ranni the Witch
The Stormhawk King,Ashes of a hawk which heeds no summons.
Dark Moon Ring,Ring of Lunar Princess Ranni's cold oath
Dectus Medallion (right),Join medallions to operate Grand Lift of Dectus
Haligtree Secret Medallion (left),Join medallions to operate Grand Lift of Rold
Haligtree Secret Medallion (right),Join medallions to operate Grand Lift of Rold
Assassin's Prayerbook,Give to a learned cleric to acquire new incantations
Dectus Medallion (left),Join medallions to operate Grand Lift of Dectus
Fire Monks' Prayerbook,Give to a learned cleric to acquire new incantations
Dragon Cult Prayerbook,Give to a learned cleric to acquire new incantations
Two Fingers Prayerbook,Give to a learned cleric to acquire new incantations
Conspectus Scroll,Give to Sorceress Sellen to unlock Glintstone Cometshard and Star Shower
Ancient Dragon Prayerbook,Give to a learned cleric to acquire new incantations
Royal House Scroll,Give to a learned sorcerer to acquire new sorceries
Academy Scroll,Give to a learned sorcerer to acquire new sorceries
Whetstone Knife,Can add new battle arts and affinities to weapons
Glintstone Whetblade,Grants choice of affinity upgrade to weapon
Iron Whetblade,Grants choice of affinity upgrade to weapon
Whetstone Knife,Can add new battle arts and affinities to weapons
Black Whetblade,Grants choice of affinity upgrade to weapon
Sancrified Whetblade,Grants choice of affinity upgrade to weapon.
"Map (limgrave, West)",Map of Limgrave's western region.
"Map (limgrave, East)",Map of Limgrave's eastern region
Map (weeping Peninsula),Map of Weeping peninsula
Map (weeping Peninsula),Map of Weeping peninsula
"Map (liurnia, East)",Map of Liurnia's eastern region
"Map (liurnia, North)",Map of Liurnia's northern region
Map (dragonbarrow),Reveals the region of Dragonbarrow on the map.
"Map (liurnia, West)",Reveals the western portion of Liurnia on your map.
Map (ainsel River),Map of Ainsel River and environs
Map (siofra River),Reveals the region of Siofra River on the map.
Map (mt. Gelmir),Map of Mt. Gelmir region
Map (altus Plateau),Reveals  Altus Plateau on your map
"Map (leyndell, Royal Capital)",Reveals the region of Leyndell on the map.
Map (caelid),Reveals the region of Caelid on the map.
"Map (mountaintops Of The Giants, West)",Map of Western Mountaintops of the Giants.
"Map (mountaintops Of The Giants, East)",Map of Eastern Mountaintops of the Giants.
Map (consecrated Snowfield),Map of Consecrated Snowfield and environs.
Map (lake Of Rot),Map of Lake of Rot and environs.
Note (land Squirts),Note imparting knowledge in brief
Map (deeproot Depths),Revels Deeproot Depths and environs on your map
Note (stonedigger Trolls),Note imparting knowledge in brief
Note (flask Of Wondrous Physick),Note imparting knowledge in brief
Note (waypoint Ruins),Note imparting knowledge in brief
Ruptured Crystal Tear,Causes concoction to explode in mixed physick
Note: Demi-human Mobs,Note imparting knowledge in brief.
Greenspill Crystal Tear,Temporarily boosts stamina in mixed physick
Cerulean Crystal Tear,Restores half of total FP in mixed physick.
Cerulean Hidden Tear, Eliminates all FP consumption in mixed physick
Crimson Crystal Tear,Restores half of total HP in mixed physick
Crimsonburst Crystal Tear,Steadily restores HP for a time in mixed physick
Faith-knot Crystal Tear,Temporarily boosts faith in mixed physick
Strength-knot Crystal Tear,Temporarily boosts strength in mixed physick
Opaline Bubbletear,Significantly negates damage in mixed physick
Spiked Cracked Tear,Enhances charged attacks for a time in mixed physick
Dexterity-knot Crystal Tear,Temporarily boosts dexterity in mixed physick
Lightning-shrouding Cracked Tear,Temporarily boosts lightning attacks in mixed physick
Magic-shrouding Cracked Tear,Temporarily boosts magic attacks in mixed physick
Winged Crystal Tear,Temporarily reduces equip load in mixed physick
Holy-shrouding Cracked Tear,Temporarily boosts holy attacks in mixed physick
Twiggy Cracked Tear,Briefly stop rune loss on death in mixed physick
Leaden Hardtear,Temporarily boosts poise in mixed physick
Crimsonspill Crystal Tear,Temporarily boosts max HP in mixed physick
Greenburst Crystal Tear,Temporarily boosts stamina recovery speed in mixed physick.
Speckled Hardtear,Boosts resistance and heals status in mixed physick.
Flame-shrouding Cracked Tear,Temporarily boosts the power of one's fire attacks.
Crimson Bubbletear,Restores HP when near death in mixed physick.
Crimsonwhorl Bubbletear,Converts damage received into HP in mixed physick.
Thorny Cracked Tear,Makes consecutive attacks grow stronger in mixed physick.
Stonebarb Cracked Tear,Make attacks more likely to break enemy stances in a mixed physick
Windy Crystal Tear,Enhances dodge rolls for a time in mixed physick
Opaline Hardtear,Temporarily boosts all damage negations in physick
Purifying Crystal Tear,Purifies the Lord of Blood's curse in a mixed physick
Aeonian Butterfly,Material used for crafting items
Albinauric Bloodclot,Material used for crafting items
Intelligence-knot Crystal Tear,Temporarily boosts intelligence in mixed physick.
Altus Bloom,Material used for crafting items
Arteria Leaf,Material used for crafting items
Beast Liver,Material used for crafting items
Beast Blood,Material used for crafting materials
Bloodrose,Material used for crafting items
Blood-tainted Excrement,Material used for crafting items
Budding Cave Moss,Material used for crafting items
Cave Moss,Material used for crafting items
Cracked Crystal,Material used for crafting items
Crystal Cave Moss,Material used for crafting items
Budding Horn,Material used for crafting items
Crab Eggs,Material used for crafting items
Cracked Pot,Container required for crafting cracked pot items
Ritual Pot,Container required for crafting ritual pot items
Crystal Bud,Material used for crafting items
Dewkissed Herba,Material used for crafting items
Eye Of Yelough,Material used for crafting items
Erdleaf Flower,Material used for crafting items
Faded Erdleaf Flower,Material used for crafting items
Fire Blossom,Material used for crafting items
Flight Pinion,Material used for crafting items
Formic Rock,Material used for crafting items
Four-toed Fowl Foot,Material used for crafting items
Fulgurbloom,Material used for crafting items
Glintstone Firefly,Material used for crafting items
Glintstone Scrap,"Break gem, using FP to produce a magic bolt."
Gold Firefly,Material used for crafting items
Gold-tinged Excrement,Material used for crafting items
Golden Centipede,Material used for crafting items
Golden Dung,Material used for crafting items
Golden Rowa,Material used for craftign items
Golden Sunflower,Material used for crafting items
Grave Violet,Material used for crafting items
Gravel Stone,Material used for crafting items
Great Dragonfly Head,Material used for crafting items
Herba,Material used for crafting items
Hidden Plumage,Material used for crafting items
Human Bone Shard,Material used for crafting items
Living Jar Shard,Material used for crafting items
Lump Of Flesh,Material used for crafting items
Land Octopus Ovary,Material used for crafting items
Melted Mushroom,Material used for crafting items
Miquella's Lily,Material used for crafting items
Miranda Powder,Material used for crafting items
Moon Egg,Material used for crafting items
Old Fang,Material used for crafting items
Mushroom,Material used for crafting items
Perfume Bottle,Container required for crafting perfume items
Poisonbloom,Material used for crafting items
Nascent Butterfly,Material used for crafting items
Rimed Crystal Bud,Material used for crafting items
Rimed Rowa,Material used for crafting items
Root Resin,Material used for crafting items
Rowa Fruit,Material used for crafting items
Ruin Fragment,Material used for crafting items.
Sacramental Bud,Material used for crafting items
Sanctuary Stone,Material used for crafting items
Slumbering Egg,Material used for crafting items
Smoldering Butterfly,Material used for crafting items
String,Material used for crafting items
Silver Firefly,Material used for crafting items
Sliver Of Meat,Material used for crafting items
Strip Of White Flesh,Material used for crafting items
Tarnished Golden Sunflower,Material used for crafting items
Toxic Mushroom,Material used for crafting items
Trina's Lily,Material used for crafting items
Thin Beast Bones,Material used for crafting items
Turtle Neck Meat,Material used for crafting items
Volcanic Stone,Material used for crafting items
Yellow Ember,Material used for crafting items
Hefty Beast Bone,Material used for crafting items
Silver Tear Husk,Material used for crafting items
Stormhawk Feather,Material used for crafting items
