name,description,effects
Briars Of Punishment,"An aberrant sorcery discovered by exiled criminals. Theirs are the sorceries most reviled by the academy. Wounds the caster with thorns of sin, sending a trail of bloodthorns running over the ground to impale enemies from below. This sorcery can be cast repeatedly. The guilty, their eyes gouged by thorns, lived in eternal darkness. There, they discovered the blood star.",Wounds caster to unleash trail of bloodthrorns
Ancient Death Rancor,Sorcery of the servants of Death.,Summons horde of vengeful spirits that chase down foes
Briars Of Sin,"An aberrant sorcery, discovered along with red glintstone by those exiled to the north for their crimes. Summons large thorns from a whorl of blood shed by one's own hand in penance for sins. This sorcery can be cast repeatedly. The Academy reviles this sorcery, which draws its power from faith.",Summons thorns from a whorl of your own blood.
Cannon Of Haima,"One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria. Lobs an explosive magic projectile that flies in an arc. Charging enhances potency. Drawn from the conspectus of Haima, the adjudicator of the academy, this sorcery employs might as a means to quell conflict.",Lobs an explosive magic projectile in an arc
Ambush Shard,"One of the night sorceries of Sellia, Town of Sorcery. Launches a projectile from a distance removed from the caster, so as to strike the enemy from behind. This sorcery can be cast repeatedly. The Sellian sorcerers were assassins, and it is said that they often hunted their fellows.",Strikes from behind with projectile fired from distance
Carian Phalanx,One of the sorceries of the Carian royal family.,Forms a defensive arch of numerous magic glintblades
Adula's Moonblade,"Sorcery of Adula, the Glintstone Dragon. Conjures a cold magic greatsword, then delivers a sweeping blow that launches a blade-like projectile of frost. This sorcery can be cast repeatedly. Adula, a devourer of sorcerers, was bested by Ranni and subsequently swore a knightly oath to her Dark Moon.",Sweeping slash followed by cold blade projectile
Carian Greatsword,"One of the sorceries of the Carian royal family. Conjures a magic greatsword and then delivers a sweeping blow. This sorcery can be cast repeatedly. Armed with this spell, sorcerers gain the strength of knights, their loyalty sworn to the moon.",Performs sweeping slash using magical greatsword
Carian Piercer,One of the sorceries of the Carian royal family.,Impales foes with magical greatsword
Carian Retaliation,One of the sorceries of the Carian royal family.,Dispels enemy spells and retaliates with glintblades
Carian Slicer,One of the sorceries of the Carian royal family.,Performs swift sweeping slash using magical sword
Crystal Barrage,One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.,Fires a volley of glintstone crystal shards
Collapsing Stars,One of the glintstone sorceries that manipulates gravitational forces.,Pulls foes toward caster with gravity projectile volley
Comet Azur,"Legendary sorcery devised by Azur, primeval sorcerer. Fires a tremendous comet in a torrent akin to the distant starry expanse, the place said to be the origin of glintstone. Hold to continue releasing the sorcery's power. When Azur glimpsed into the primeval current, he saw darkness. He was left both bewitched and fearful of the abyss.",Fires a tremendous comet within a starry torrent
Crystal Burst,"One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria. Fires a burst of glintstone crystal shards. This sorcery can be cast repeatedly and while in motion. Charging increases potency. A sorcery of the Crystal Cadre, a group of sorcerers who pursued the wisdom of stone - the secrets locked in the faint cogitation of the Crystalians.",Fires a burst of glintstone crystal shards
Comet,"One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria. Fires a great magical comet. This sorcery can be cast repeatedly and while in motion. Charging enhances potency. The greatest of the Karolos Conspectus's sorceries, that only a very few sorcerers have ever mastered.",Fires a great magic comet
Crystal Torrent,Sorcery of the mysterious Crystalians.,Creates crystal mass that fires stream of crystal shards
Crystal Release,"Sorcery of the mysterious Crystalians. Creates a mass of crystal, then shatters it to scour a wide area with a violent rain of crystal shards. This sorcery is used by high-ranking adepts among the Crystalians. Some also call this sorcery ""the Crystal Sun.""",Scours area with violent rain of crystal shards
Fia's Mist,"Sorcery of Fia, the Deathbed Companion. Creates a deathly mist before the caster, which inflicts Death blight upon those who enter. This sorcery can be cast while in motion. Charging enhances range of the mist. This sorcery was developed to oppose the Roundtable Hold, and is effective only against the Tarnished.",Release a mist of death before caster
Eternal Darkness,"Forbidden sorcery of Sellia, Town of Sorcery. ",Creates a dark space that draws in spells
Frozen Armament,Sorcery said to have been used by the old snow witch. Enchants armament held in the right hand with frost. This sorcery can be cast while in motion. The snowy crone taught the young Ranni to fear the dark moon as she imparted her cold sorcery.,Enchants right-hand armament with frost
Founding Rain Of Stars,"The eldest primeval sorcery, said to have been discovered by an",Releases a downpour of star rain for a while
Explosive Ghostflame,Sorcery of the servants of Death.,Causes ghostflame explosion that burns wide area
Freezing Mist,Sorcery said to have been used by the old snow witch.,Releases cold mist before caster
Gelmir's Fury,One of the sorceries developed from the magma of Mt. Gelmir.,Covers area with surge of magma from the earth
Gavel Of Haima,"One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria. Creates a magical greathammer and slams it down. Allows one follow-up attack. Drawn from the scholarly conspectus of Haima, the adjudicator of the academy, this sorcery employs might as a means to quell conflict.",Attacks using a magic greathammer
Glintstone Arc,Fires a horizontal arc of magic that spreads outward. This sorcery can be cast repeteadly and while in motion.,Fires a horizontally-widening magic arc
Glintstone Cometshard,"One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria. Fires a magical comet with a trailing tail. This sorcery can be cast repeatedly and while in motion. Charging enhances potency. A sorcery of the Karolos Conspectus, the most venerable of the academy.",Fires a magic comet with a trailing tail
Glintstone Pebble,The most basic glintstone sorcery of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.,Fires magic projectiles from glintstone
Glintstone Stars,One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.,Fires three shooting stars that pursue foes
Glintstone Icecrag,Sorcery said to have been used by the old snow witch.,Fires mass of cold magic from glintstone
Glintblade Phalanx,One of the sorceries of the Carian royal family.,Forms a defensive arch of magic glintblades
Gravity Well,One of the glintstone sorceries that manipulates gravitational forces. Fires a projectile of condensed gravitational force. Those struck by it will be pulled toward the caster. Charging enhances potency. A gravitational technique studied by the young Radahn. His master was an Alabaster Lord with skin of stone.,Pulls foes toward caster with gravity projectile
Great Glintstone Shard,"One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria. The glintstone serves as a conduit, launching large magical projectiles at foes. This sorcery can be cast repeatedly and while in motion. Those unworthy of the stone crown typically end their brief journey into sorcery here.",Fires larger magic projectiles from glintstone
Lucidity,One of the sorceries of the Carian royal family.,Alleviates buildup of sleep and madness
Greatblade Phalanx,"One of the sorceries of the Carian royal family. Creates a defensive arch of larger magic glintblades overhead, which automatically attack nearby foes. Used by the enchanted troll knights. They were the comrades of the young Rennala, bound by oath.",Forms a defensive arch of larger magic glintblades
Great Oracular Bubble,Sorcery of the claymen who served as priests in the ancient,Launches a large magic bubble
Oracle Bubble,Sorcery of the claymen who served as priests in the ancient dynasty.,Launches several bubbles of magic.
Loretta's Greatbow,Sorcery used by Royal Knight Loretta. Creates a magic greatbow and fires a great arrow. Charging enhances potency. Hold to keep the great arrow nocked. It is said that the bow was Loretta's favored weapon.,Fires great arrow from a magic greatbow
Loretta's Mastery,"Sorcery used by Loretta, Knight of the Haligtree. Creates a magic greatbow and fires four great arrows simultaneously. Charging enhances potency. Hold to keep the great arrows nocked. Developed by Loretta after her long, bloody journey to seek out a place where the Albinaurics could live in peace. ",Fires four great arrow from a magic greatbow at once
Magic Downpour,One of the sorceries of the Carian royal family.,Summon a magic mass that sprays projectiles over area
Magic Glintblade,An old sorcery of the Carian Royal Family.,Creates sigil that forms a projectile glintblade after delay
Magma Shot,One of the sorceries developed from the magma of Mt. Gelmir.,Fire lump of magma that explodes on contact
Meteorite,"A glintstone sorcery that draws on gravitational force, used by a great white king with stone skin. Calls small meteorites down from the sky. The meteor shower continues for as long as the sorcery is in effect. It is said that, in the Eternal City, now lost in ruin underground, meteorites held the same import as stars.",Calls small meteors down from the sky.
Night Comet,"One of the night sorceries of Sellia, Town of Sorcery.",Fires semi-invisible magic comet
Meteorite Of Astel,One of the glintstone sorceries that manipulates gravitational forces. Summons a void that emits a hail of meteorites. Hold to continue the effect. A manifestation of the power with which Astel leveled the Eternal City.,Calls a hail of small meteorites from the void.
Night Shard,"One of the night sorceries of Sellia, Town of Sorcery. ",Swiftly fires a semi-invisible
Night Maiden's Mist,"One of the night sorceries of Sellia, Town of Sorcery.",Releases life-sapping silver mist before caster
Rancorcall,Sorcery of the servants of Death.,Summons vengeful spirits that chase down foes
Oracle Bubbles,Sorcery of the claymen who served as priests in the ancient,Launches several small magic bubbles.
Rennala's Full Moon,"Sorcery associated with the Carian queen. Uses the caster as a vessel to incarnate a full moon, then sends it floating toward foes. The full moon dispels all sorcery that touches it, and temporarily reduces magic damage negation for those it strikes. Queen Rennala encountered this enchanting moon when she was young, and later, it would bewitch the academy.",Incarnate a full moon and launch it at foes
Ranni's Dark Moon,Legendary sorcery associated with the Carian queen. ,"Incarnate a cold, dark moon and launch it at foes."
Rock Blaster,One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.,Thurst staff into ground to emit a massive shockwave
Roiling Magma,"One of the sorceries developed from the magma of Mt. Gelmir. Fires a lump of condensed magma that explodes a short delay after hitting the target. Charging enhances potency and further delays the explosion. After discovering the ancient hexes of Gelmir, Rykard, son of Queen Rennala, brought them back into practical use as new forms of sorcery.",Fires lump of magma that explodes after delay
Rykard's Rancor,"The terrible power of Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy. ",Releases searing spirits that repeatedly explode after delay
Rock Sling,One of the glintstone sorceries that manipulates gravitational forces. ,Summons rocks from the earth and sends its flying
Scholar's Armament,One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.,Enchants right-hand armament with magic damage
Scholar's Shield,One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.,Enhances left-handed shield damage negation
Shard Spiral,One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.,Fire twin spiraling projectiles
Shatter Earth,"One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria. Imbues the ferrule of the caster's staff with magic, then thrusts it into the ground to create a magical shockwave. Allows one follow-up attack. A Stonedigger sorcery used by the glintstone miners of the crystal tunnel. At the academy, use of this sorcery was a stigma that marked out failed scholars.",Thrust staff into ground to emit a shockwave
Starlight,One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.,Creates star light to illuminate surroundings
Star Shower,One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria. Fires six magic shooting stars that pursue the target. This sorcery can be cast while in motion. Charging enhances potency. The most difficult to master of the Olivinus Conspectus sorceries.,Fires six shooting stars that pursue foes
Stars Of Ruin,"Legendary sorcery devised by Lusat, primeval sorcerers. ",Fire twelve dark shooting stars that pursue foes
Shattering Crystal,"Sorcery of the mysterious Crystalians. Creates a mass of crystal, then shatters it in a forward burst. Charging enhances potency. The Crystalians are inorganic beings, yet they live. They cleave close to the ideals of the primeval current, and as such, they are revered guests of the sorcerers.",Creates crystal mass that shatters in forward burst
Swift Glintstone Shard,"One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria. The glintstone serves as a conduit, launching swift magical projectiles at foes. This sorcery can be used without delay after performing another action. Those unworthy of the stone crown typically end their brief journey into sorcery here.",Swiftly fires magic projectiles from glintstone
Terra Magicus,"One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria. Draws an academy sigil upon the ground, raising the magic strength of those within. Once, the sigil would be cast from the highest belfry of the academy, covering the entire institution's grounds. This spell allows such vivid experience of spell—casting success, it turns many a fledgling into a true sorcerer in a flash of newfound understanding.",Raises the magic strength of those within the sigil
Unseen Blade,"One of the night sorceries of Sellia, Town of Sorcery. Enchants armament held in right hand, making it completely invisible. This sorcery can be cast while in motion. Used by Sellian assassins to present themselves as unarmed sorcerers.",Makes right-hand armament completely invisible
Unseen Form,"One of the night sorceries of Sellia, Town of Sorcery. Makes the caster semi-invisible. While on horseback, effect extends to cover the mount. This sorcery can be cast while in motion. The Sellian assassins considered every option that aided their dirty work.",Makes the caster semi-invisible
Thops's Barrier,The lifelong pursuit of Thops the Bluntstone.,Erect a magic forcefield to deflect spells
Zamor Ice Storm,Ice sorcery of the Town of Zamor.,Thrust staff into ground to create freezing tornado.
Tibia's Summons,Sorcery of the servants of Death. Summons a group of Those Lost in Death. Three skeletons will appear some distance from the caster and attack foes before disappearing. The dead have long been left to wander; what they need is leadership.,Summons Those Who Live in Death
