name,description
Albinauric Ashes,Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of two Albinaurics.
Ancestral Follower Ashes,Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of an ancestral follower.
Archer Ashes,Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon three archer spirits.
Avionette Soldier Ashes,"Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of two avionette soldiers. Spirits of marionette soldiers with avian features that were created to serve a sorcerer. Equipped with long-hafted scythes, they also attack from the skies by lobbing fire pots. Can sometimes malfunction when damaged."
Banished Knight Oleg,"Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of Oleg, the Banished Knight."
Demi-human Ashes,Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of five demi-humans.
Fanged Imp Ashes,Ashes remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon two fanged imp spirits.
Finger Maiden Therolina Puppet,One of Seluvis's puppets.
Giant Rat Ashes,Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of three giant rats.
Black Knife Tiche,Legendary ashen remains. Use to summon the spirit of Black Knife Tiche.
Glintstone Sorcerer Ashes,Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of a glintstone sorcerer.
Godrick Soldier Ashes,Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of two of Godrick's soldiers.
Jarwight Puppet,One of Seluvis' puppets. Use to summon the spirit of a jarwight.
Kaiden Sellsword Ashes,Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.Use to summon the spirit of a Kaiden sellsword.
Greatshield Soldier Ashes,Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon five greatshield soldier spirits.
Lhutel The Headless,Legendary ashen remains. Use to summon the spirit of Lhutel the Headless.
Mad Pumpkin Head Ashes,"Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of a mad pumpkin head. Spirit of a mad soldier with a large, brawny physique. Though he has stifled his panic within the dark confines of his helmet, he rampages as if driven mad when agitated by bloodshed or the humming of insects. This mad soldier is all that is left of a broken gladiator."
Marionette Soldier Ashes,Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of two marionette soldiers.
Lone Wolf Ashes,Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of three lone wolves.
Mimic Tear Ashes,Legendary ashen remains. Use to summon the spirit of a mimic tear. Summoning consumes HP rather than FP.
Nightmaiden & Swordtress Puppets,An old puppet crafted in the Eternal City.
Noble Sorcerer Ashes,"Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of a noble sorcerer. Spirit of a nobleman who once asked to be given a place at Raya Lucaria to learn glintstone sorceries. His talents were insufficient to be worthy of donning the stone crown, however, and he is only capable ofusing the most rudimentary sorcery."
Nomad Ashes,Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of a nomad.
Omenkiller Rollo,Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of Omenkiller Rollo.
Raya Lucaria Soldier Ashes,Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of three Raya Lucaria soldiers.
Page Ashes,Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of a page.
Skeletal Militiaman Ashes,Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of two skeletal militiamen.
Spirit Jellyfish Ashes,Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon a spirit jellyfish.
Skeletal Bandit Ashes,Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of a skeletal bandit.
Stormhawk Deenh,Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of Deenh the Stormhawk.
Twinsage Sorcerer Ashes,Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of a Twinsage sorcerer.
Wandering Noble Ashes,Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of five wandering nobles.
Rotten Stray Ashes,"Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of a rotten stray. Spirit of a stray dog corrupted by the scarlet rot.  Through it is only a small creature, it is as violent as it is nimble, and its fangs fester with poisonous rot"
Warhawk Ashes,"Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of a warhawk. Spirit of a Stormveil warhawk, the talons of which have been sliced off so that razor-fine swords could be grafted in their place. With its lord vanquished, and its wings wounded, the hawk perished as it solemnly gazed at its former home. The storm is a warhawk's cradle."
Latenna The Albinauric,Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of Latenna the Albinauric.
Winged Misbegotten Ashes,Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of a winged misbegotten.
Bloodhound Knight Floh,"Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of Floh, the Bloodhound Knight."
Perfumer Tricia,"Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of Tricia, the perfumer."
Leyndell Soldier Ashes,"Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of two Leyndell soldiers. Spirits of soldiers each equipped with a spear and greatshield. The soldiers of Leyndell fight their battles defensively. During the Shattering, they were the ramparts that fortified the royal capital."
Miranda Sprout Ashes,"Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of five miranda sprouts. Summoning consumes HP rather than FP. Spirits of sweet little miranda flowers, carnivorous blossoms that feed upon human flesh. They creep slowly, scattering toxic pollen. Vulnerable to fire—do take care of the little darlings"
Vulgar Militia Ashes,"Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of three vulgar militiamen. Spirits of the vulgar militia who wield long-hafted, serrated hatchets. These brutal weapons are particularly effective at causing blood loss to opponents. In the Lands Between, the small were scorned, and so they formed their vulgar militia as a means to make a living, albeit in ignominy."
Land Squirt Ashes,"Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of three land squirts Summoning consumes HP rather than FP. These spirits appear some distance from the summoner. The firm, fleshy tubes of the creatures remain rooted to the spot, spraying poisonous liquid over their surroundings"
Kindred Of Rot Ashes,"Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon a spirit of the Kindred of Rot. This spirit takes the form of a crawling pest, its chitinous body making a dry rustling sound. Attacks enemies by secreting sticky threads. The Kindred of Rot are the servants of the Goddess of Rot—servants that have been forsaken."
Ancient Dragon Knight Kristoff Ashes,"Legendary ashen remains. Use to summon the spirit of Kristoff, the Ancient Dragon Knight. Spirit of Kristoff, an honorable knight of Leyndell who was also a devout worshipper of the ancient dragons. His skills strike down foes with thunderbolts, the dragons' weapon of choice. After the First Defense of Leyndell, Kristoff earned the hero's honor of Erdtree Burial for the feat of capturing Godefroy the Grafted."
Azula Beastman Ashes,"Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of two Azula beastmen. Spirits of beastmen from doomed Farum Azula, the slowly crumbling ruins in the skies. These ruins are said to be the remains of a giant mausoleum enshrining an ancient dragon, guarded by chosen beastmen who wield weapons clad in lightning."
Banished Knight Engvall Ashes,"Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of Engvall, the Banished Knight. One of the two knights dubbed the Wings of the Storm. Despite his banishment, he rejected the invitation of the Grace-Given Lord, instead keeping watch over a masterless castle for many years, gaining renown as a hero of the fringes."
Battlemage Hugues Ashes,"Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of Battlemage Hugues. Hugues came from Sellia to study the Haima Conspectus at the academy, where he became a battlemage. Haima scholars seek to quell conflict with cannon fire and the gavel, but Hugues developed a longing for it."
Blackflame Monk Amon Ashes,"Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of Amon, the Blackflame Monk. Amon swore fealty to the god-slaying black flame, and so became the first fire monk to turn traitor. Or perhaps it is better said that he fled from the Giants' Flame—out of cowardice."
Clayman Ashes,"Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of two claymen. Bowed with age, these spirits are sluggish but hard to stagger. The warped remains of priests who searched for revelation in service of the ancient dynasty, they employ two sorceries that produce smaller and larger bubbles."
Crystalian Ashes,"Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of a Crystalian. Spirit that wields round crystalline blades, both big and small. Its sturdy body, itself hewn from crystal long ago, is hard enough to blunt its opponent's blades, but blows from bludgeoning weapons can shatter it easily."
Depraved Perfumer Carmaan Ashes,"Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of Carmaan, the depraved perfumer. Depraved perfumers practice their art for themselves alone. Carmaan was a notably formidable perfumer whose strength rivaled that of heroes, and it is said that he was in search of a secret physick of revivification."
Cleanrot Knight Finlay Ashes,"Legendary ashen remains. Use to summon the spirit of the Cleanrot Knight Finlay. Finlay was one of the few survivors of the Battle of Aeonia, who in an unimaginable act of heroism carried the slumbering demigod Malenia all the way back to the Haligtree. She managed the feat alone, fending off all manner of foes along the way."
Dung Eater Puppet,"One of Seluvis's puppets. Use to summon the spirit of the Dung Eater. Spirit of a man who murdered thousands and defiled their corpses with the Seedbed Curse. Wields a spine greatsword and hurls curses. The Dung Eater despaired at how he met his end. How hideous and sinister this puppet is, and yet, its utter despair invites one to care for it."
Fire Monk Ashes,"Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of a Fire Monk. Spirit of a stout monk who monitored the Giants' Flame. Versed in fire incantations, and himself steeled against fire. Though he was charged with keeping watch over the Flame, after many years of solemn duty, he has succumbed to its allure."
Dolores The Sleeping Arrow Puppet,"One of Seluvis's favorite puppets. Use to summon the spirit of Dolores the Sleeping Arrow Spirit of a handsome archer who dressed in the style of a man. Called the Silent Hunter by some, she fires St. Trina's arrows from her shortbow. Dolores once belonged to the Roundtable Hold, where she was both a critic and a friend of Gideon the All-Knowing. It was because of her that he and Seluvis went their separate ways."
Haligtree Soldier Ashes,"Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of four Haligtree soldiers. Spirits of common soldiers who carry the sacred light. When weakened, they explode to deliver a last-ditch attack. This was the bitter revelation discovered by the desperate soldiers who awaited the return of their lord to the rotted Haligtree. May the flash of our deaths guide Miquella's return."
Man-serpent Ashes,"Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of a man-serpent. Spirit of a deformed man-serpent that wields a whip of magma. It is said that long ago, the elder serpent that dwelled on Mt. Gelmir devoured a demigod, and the birth of the man-serpents followed."
Mausoleum Soldier Ashes,"Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of five mausoleum soldiers. Spirits of five headless soldiers who confound foes by disappearing and reappearing at will. The mausoleum is where the bodies of soulless demigods are lain to rest, and these soldiers followed their masters into Death by severing their own heads from their bodies."
Oracle Envoy Ashes,Ashen Remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Putrid Corpse Ashes,Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of four putrid corpses.
Radahn Soldier Ashes,Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of two of Radahn's soldiers.
Redmane Knight Ogha,"Legendary ashen remains. Use to summon the spirit of Ogha, the Redmane Knight. Spirit of a mighty knight versed in the use of a greatbow. A valiant warrior who will attack immediately after being summoned. The longest-serving member of the Redmane Knights, Ogha studied techniques to manipulate gravity alongside Radahn. May use a rain of gravitational arrows in response to a war cry, but only once."
Nepheli Loux Puppet,"One of Seluvis's favorite puppets. Use to summon the spirit of Nepheli Loux. Puppet of a warrior who was betrayed by her pure heart. Wields a Stormhawk Axe in both hands and uses the Thunderstorm skill. A diamond in the rough, deserving of special care lest its potential be squandered. Nepheli Loux truly was a warrior."
Soldjars Of Fortune Ashes,"Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of three little living jars. Summoning consumes HP rather than FP. These reckless spirits sacrifice themselves to vanquish their summoner's foes, and explode upon death. Though their bravery is admirable, their explosions can harm friend as well as foe, and they will also immediately explode on contact with fire. ""Tell the others—tell them how brightly a fire jar burns."""
